source	reference	candidate
what should i do to avoid sleeping in class ?	how do i not sleep in a boring class ?	how should i avoid sleeping during lectures ?
how can one root android devices ?	how do i root an android device ?	how do i root my android device ?
can we donate blood after getting a tattoo ?	can i donate blood if i have a tattoo ?	is it possible to donate blood after tattoo ?
what are the best was to lose weight ?	how should i lose weight ?	how do i actually lose weight ?
what the best way to learn microsoft office and its associated packages ?	what is the best way to learn microsoft office ?	how can i learn microsoft office ?
what do people think of new macbook pro with touch bar ?	what do you think of the new macbook pro apple announced in 2016 ?	what are your thoughts on the new 2016 macbook pro ?
can i make money playing poker ?	how much money can i make five days a week playing poker ?	can i make 70000 2017 ?
how do i reset my wechat password ?	how can i reset my wechat password ?	how do i reset my wechat password ?
what software does pixar use in it computer animations ?	what kind of software do pixar and walt disney use to animate pictures ?	what software does pixar use in cyber data ?  how ?
what do you guys know about romania ?	what do you know and think about romania ?	what do we mean about serials ?
what is the basic difference between inductor and transformer ?	what is the difference between an inductor and transformer ?	what is the difference between transformer and worship transformer ?
is it okay to have sex with your boyfriend before marriage ?	is it fine to have sex before marriage ?	is it okay to have sex before marriage ?
how can i make her squirt ?	what makes my girl squirt ?	how can you make a women squirt ?
what is the best compliment you ever got from anyone ?	what is the best compliment that you have ever received ?	what the best compliment you have ever got ?
what is the deep internet ?	what is a deep web ?	what is the deep web ?
how can i catch my husband cheating ?	how can i know if my spouse is cheating ?	how do i catch a cheating spouse ?
what are some tips for starting german ?	what should i do to start learning german ?	what are some tips for starting german ?
why do i have white bumps on my arms ?	why do i have little white bumps on my arms ?	why does there come to white boobs ?
why does power factor increases when capacitor is introduced ?	why capacitor improve power factor ?	how static capacitor banks improve power factor ?
what is the best way of living life ?	what is the best way to live a life ?	what is the best way to live a life ?
is there any evidence that time travel is a reality ?	was there any proven instance and / or evidence of time travelling ?	is there any evidence that time travel is a reality ?
is ca really tough ?	is doing ca really tough and lengthy course ?	is ca tough ?
how do i upload my quora profile picture through an android device ?	how do i change my profile picture on quora from my android phone ?	how do i change profile picture in android phone device ?
what is the most expensive thing you have ever bought ?	what the most expensive thing you have ever bought ?	what was the most expensive thing you ever bought ?
how do i lose weight without quitting ?	how do i lose five kg weight within seven days ?	how do i lose my weight from 58 to 50 kgs ?
what the best way to start learning robotics ?	what is the best way to start with robotics ?	what is good way to learn to program ?
what are some psychological tricks to get people to like you ?	what are some psychological hacks / tricks to get people to like you ?	what is the psychological method why we can make you like ?
how do i get an hacker ?	how do i get in touch with a hacker ?	how do i get a hacker ?
why are vikings portrayed wearing horned helmets ?	why did vikings have horns on their helmets ?	why did hush eyes not sore ?
how do i transfer offline youtube video to sd card in android ?	how get offline video of youtube in sd card ?	how do i transfer youtube offline videos to my sd card ?
what is the difference between unicellular and multicellular organism ?	what are the different characteristics of unicellular and multicellular organisms ?	what is the difference between a unicellular and multicellular organism ?
how did tim cook become the ceo of apple ?	why was tim cook chosen to be apple ceo ?	how was tim cook appointed as the ceo of apple ?
what is the best way to protect own privacy online ?	how do i protect my privacy online completely ?	how can i improve my privacy privacy ?
what is the cause of a heart attack ?	what causes heart attacks ?	what causes a heart and a heart attack ?
who is the biggest love marriage astrologer ?	who is love specialist astrologer ?	who is the real love picture astrologer . languages ?
what should be done to get rid of dandruff ?	how do i get rid of severe dandruff ?	how can i treat dandruff ?
how would you give life advice in a single line ?	what can be a single line life advice ?	what would you give to your life best advice for single people ?
is smoking weed harmful to health in any way ?	does smoking weed is bad for health ?	how can smoking marijuana give you lung weed ?
who provides the sms to the bulk sms gateway ?	who is the best bulk sms gateway provider online ?	who is the okay in the september israelites semen ?
which are the best wordpress theme ?	what are the best wordpress themes ?	what is the best wordpress theme ?
what is the difference between a software developer and a software architect ?	what is the difference between software developer and software architect ?	what is the difference between a software compiler and software developer ?
how can one get a job online that pays real cash ?	how do i get a online job a real online job ?	what are some real online jobs that pay ?
is deadpool overrated ?	why is deadpool so overrated ?	is deadpool overrated ?
why does a magnet produce a magnetic field ?	why do magnets produce magnetic field like the way they do ?	why does the graduate hiv europe a magnetic field ?
what are the best tongue twisters ?	what is the world best tongue twister ?	what are some of the best tongue - twisters that you know ?
what is that one movie that you relate more to ?	what movie can you relate to the most ?	`` what is movie characters more sad ?
is the water in noida good for skin complexion ?	does the water in noida good for skin complexion ?	how easy is it to be water on the flat help ?
what is the lord of the rings about ?	what is a summary of lord of the rings ?	what is lord of the rings about ?
how do i get thousands of followers on instagram ?	how can i get free 10000 real instagram followers fast ?	how do i get 5000 followers on instagram ?
i wan na see someone private account on instagram , can i ?	how do i view someone private instagram pictures ?	how can i see a private account on instagram ?
what are ways to reduce tension ?	what are the best and quickest ways to reduce stress ?	how can i reduce tension ?
what are some best app lockers for an android phone ?	which is the best app locker for android ?	which is the best app for making android phones ?
is torrenting illegal ?	is torrent usage illegal ?	is torrenting illegal ?
is it possible for parents to not have a favorite child ?	do parents have a favorite child ?	do parents have a favorite kid ?
are psychopaths dangerous ?	are all psychopaths dangerous ?	are the psychopaths dangerous ?
what is the best way to give speech ?	how do i give a killer speech ?	what is the best way to prevent speech ?
why do people make noises during sex ?	why do women tend to make more noise during sex ?	why do girls make sounds during sex ?
are shock collars safe for dogs ?	do shock collars work on dogs ?	are dog shock collars humane ? why or why not ?
what is the the best way to learn programming ?	how can i learn more programming ?	what is the best way to learn programming skills ?
what is that one thing you will always regret about ?	what is the one thing you regret most ?	what is that one thing that you want to regret ?
what can i do in my gap year ?	what do i do with my gap year ?	what can i do during my gap year ?
how far will technology advance within the next 50 years ?	what kind of technology can we expect in the next 50 years ?	how do you imagine technology would be in next 50 years ?
how do i start learning programming ?	where should i start to learn programming ?	how should you start learning programming ?
when will be pokemon go released in india ?	will pokemon - go launch in india ?	is pokemon go going to be released in india ?
how does anyone ever really know if they are a good person ?	how do you know if you are a good person ?	how do you know if you are really dangerous ?
what can i do when i miss someone frequently ?	what should you do if you miss someone ?	what can i do when i do not have to miss someone ?
what should i do to build a leadership quality ?	how can you gain leadership qualities ?	how can i acquire leadership qualities to have a leadership qualities ?
how can i control my emotions and actions ?	how do i control emotions and reactions in nervousness ?	how do i control my emotion and sadness ?
how to publish a book free of cost ?	how do i publish my book free of cost ?	which is the best way to publish a book free ?
is rock music dead ? can it ever make a comeback ?	is rock music and rock spirit dead ?	is rock music dying ?
which college is the best in the mechanical branch in ipu ?	mechanical engineering college under ipu ?	what is the best college for gate the center of marijuana ?
can indians get job in canada ?	how can indians get jobs in canada ?	does india get paid in canada ?
what is a good salary to live in san diego ?	what income do you need to live in san diego ?	what is the best advantage to live in san regain ?
what is the best way to learn how to learn ?	how does one learn to learn ?	how do i start learning ?
what are the best undergraduate engineering schools in the america ?	what the best undergraduate university in the u.s ?	what are the top engineering universities in america ?
what types of questions are asked during a google technical interview ?	what all types of questions are asked in google technical interview ?	what types of all questions are asked in google interviews ?
how can one test their iq ?	how do you know your iq ?	how do i determine my iq ?
how many elementary particles are there in the universe ?	how many elementary particles are in the universe ?	how many treatment are in universe ?
what are the best road trip songs ?	what are the best car songs while on road trips ?	what is your best road - waste ?
how similar are old norse and icelandic ?	if i learn icelandic can i understand old norse texts ?	how similar are old norse and icelandic ?
why do people still believe the world is flat ?	why are there still people who think that the earth is flat ?	why do some people think earth is flat ?
what is the difference between a stock market and a share market ?	what is the difference between stock market and share market ?	what is the difference between a share and a share ?
who is the most beautiful woman / man , you have ever seen ?	describe the most beautiful woman you have seen ?	who is the most beautiful woman you ever saw ?
how do i speed up my laptop ?	what are some ways you can speed up your laptops overall speed ?	how do i speed up my computer ?
why sex is important for life ?	why sex is important in our life ?	why sex is important in life ?
if you were president , what single thing would you change ?	if you were president , what is the first thing you would do ?	if you were president elect , which is a president ?
how do i actually go about losing weight ?	how do i actually lose weight ?	what is the most effective everlasting method of losing weight ?
does anyone actually use google plus , and if so , why ?	does anyone still use google plus ?	why does anyone invest in google only ?
what are some good ways to lose weight ?	what are some ways to lose weight fast ?	how do i actually lose weight ?
why cyrus mistry has been removed from tata group ?	why was cyrus mistry sacked by ratan tata from tata sons ?	why was cyrus mistry removed from the chairmanship of tata sons ?
`` why is `` foster home for imaginary friends forgotten ?	why is foster home for imaginary friends cartoon forgotten ?	why is the grand number of imaginary friends ?
what is the least painless way to kill yourself ?	what is the best and painless way to kill yourself ?	what the most painless way to kill yourself ?
do men get attracted to other guys who look hot or cute ?	do guys get attracted by other guys who look hot ?	if your parents is drinking or no worse person who is worse ?
what the best thing to do in goa ?	what is the best thing we can do in goa ?	what is the best thing to do in goa ?
how do black holes get destroyed ?	how will a black hole get destroyed or die ?	how do black holes get their replaced ?
which films are considered the best hollywood on hollywood films ?	what is your best hollywood movie ?	which is best hollywood movie ever ? why ?
how many atheist are there on quora ?	how many atheists are there on quora ?	how many types of atheists are there on quora ?
how do i start programming in python ?	what is the best way to start a program with python ?	how do i start learning python web programming from scratch to advanced ?
is it possible to view someone private instagram account ?	how can i view a private instagram ?	how do i view someone private instagram pictures ?
what is the difference between chemical engineering and chemistry ?	what is the difference between a chemical engineer and a chemist ?	what is the difference between chemical engineering and chemistry ?
do you care what other people think about you ?	do you care about what other people think ?	do you care about what other people think about you ?
what your biggest regret in life ?	what is your biggest regret and why ?	what your biggest regret during your past moments ?
how many online stores are there in the world ?	how many online stores do we have ?	how many online stores are there in this world ?
what are the best english motivational songs ?	what are the best motivational songs in english ?	what is the best motivational english song ?
daniel ek : when an we expect spotify in india ?	daniel ek : when will spotify be available in india ?	why has not daniel ek brought spotify to india ?
what are pure substances ? what are some examples ?	what are examples of pure substances ?	what are a examples of a pure substance ?
what the best way to become a sushi chef ?	how can i become a sushi chef ?	how do i become a pokémon account ?
is it possible that one day a time machine would be created ?	can the idea of time machine be ever achieved in real ?	is it possible for human to invent the time machine ?
which is the best course for digital marketing ?	which are the courses on coursera or other moocs to study digital marketing ?	which is best digital marketing course ?
how do i find the best commercial air conditioning installation service in sydney ?	where can i find affordable commercial air conditioning installation service in sydney ?	where is the best commercial escorts air visited in hyderabad ?
do women like pegging men ?	are there any girls that like pegging men ?	do women like pegging ?
what is the most painless way to commit suicide ?	what is the most painless way to do a suicide ?	what the quickest and most painless way to commit suicide ?
what are some dating apps in india ?	which is the best dating app in india ?	which site is best for free dating app ?
what is the difference between a substance and a mixture ?	what is the difference between mixtures and substances ?	what is the difference between a hypocrite and a mixture ?
is it a good idea to move in with someone before marrying them ?	should i move in with someone before i marry them ?	is it a good idea to date a boy ?
what are the benefits of meditation ? how do you meditate ?	what are the five benefits of meditation ?	what is the benefits of meditation ?
could you let someone go away because you love her ?	if you love someone , would you let him / her go ?	how do you pass someone to move away from the making i love her ?
who will win : manchester united or arsenal ?	who will win in the english premier league , manchester united or arsenal ?	can manchester united win the united states and conquer iraq ?
what one exercise will help me lose belly fat ?	what are some exercises to decrease belly fat ?	what is the best exercise for belly fat ?
what is the most probable cutoff of kvpy sa 2016 ?	how was the kvpy sa 2016 ? what is the expected cutoff ?	what is the expected cut off for kvpy sa aptitude test 2016 ?
is ok to give money to beggars ?	is it right to give money to beggar ?	should i give money to beggars on the street ?
why are humans born ?	why were humans born ?	why are humans born ?
what is there in the bermuda triangle ?	what actually happens in the bermuda triangle ?	where is the bermuda triangle ?
why ca not a body move faster than the speed of light ?	why ca not anything go faster than light ?	why i ca not go faster than light ?
which bollywood actress have perfect boobs ?	which actress have perfect boobs ?	which bollywood actress have failed ?
how are corn nuts made ?	how can corn nuts be made ?	are corn people still funny ?
what are some of the most difficult questions asked in an interview ?	what are the trickiest questions asked in an interview ?	what are the trickiest questions asked in interview ?
is morality hardwired into the brain ?	are concepts such as ethics and morality hardwired in the brain ?	is morality court reading infinite of brain ?
how can i travel the world without having enough money ?	what is the easiest way to travel without much money ?	how can i travel without an id or money ?
how and from where do startups get funding ?	how do startups get financial funding ?	how do i get startup funding ?
what is the history behind the apple logo ?	what the story behind apple half eaten apple fruit logo ?	what is the reason behind apple logo ?
what are the two lower chambers of the heart and their functions ?	what is the functions of the lower chambers of the heart ?	what are the verbal causes of the heart ?
why are indians interested in u.s presidential election ?	why are indians interested in america presidential election ?	are indians videos in the united states ?
how could i improve my english ?	how can i improve my communication skills in english ?	i want to improve my english ?
will trump win as president ?	what are the chances that donald trump will be the next america president ?	do you think trump could win ?
which is the best joke you have ever heard ?	what is the funniest joke you have ever heard or read ?	what the funniest highbrow joke you have ever heard ?
what have you learned from people watching ?	what can you learn from people watching ?	what do you learn from but humans ?
which one is the best romantic movie ?	which is world best romantic movie ?	which is the best romantic movie ?
what is genetic drift ? what are some of the effects ?	what is genetic drift ? what are some types ?	what are some of the ways to deepest flavors in any day ?
does milk flush the meth out of your system ?	do cranberry supplements help flush meth out of your system ?	how can i get meth out of my system asap ?
what should i do after 12 ?	what do i do after 12 ?	what do i do after my graduation after age ?
after mechanical engineering ?	what can i do after mechanical engineering ?	what after mechanical engineering ?
how it feels to be a rapist ?	how does it feel to be a rapist ?	what is it like to be a good diet ?
what problems occur when a laptop runs out of power ?	what are the problems when laptop runs out of power ?	what are some problems when your laptop runs out of power ?
what is the most embarrassing moment your crush had in front of you ?	what is the embrassing moment in front of your crush ?	what was your most embarrassing moment in front of your girlfriend ?
is it necessary to have sex in relationship ?	how important is sex in a relationship ?	is sex important in love ?
is buddhism passive nihilism ?	is buddhism nihilistic ?	is a report hanged hiring ?
what happens if i drink bleach ?	what happens if you actually drink bleach ?	what would happen if you swallowed bleach ?
how do l improve my communication skills ?	how can i improve my communication skills ?	how do i improve my communication skills in one month ?
money is really important for living life ?	how important is money in life ?	how much the importance of money in life ?
how many shopping malls in america with over 50 retailers ?	how many malls are there in the america with over 50 retailers ?	what are the most followed over the world interest developing in over the america ?
how do we deal with bad neighbors ?	how should i deal with a bad neighbor ?	what are the best ways to deal with bad activities ?
why is the media biased against donald trump ?	why is america mainstream media biased against trump ?	why the media are so biased agianst donald trump ?
how did you make money fast ?	how can earn money quickly ?	how i can make money fast ?
what do lawyers do in general ?	what do lawyers do in their jobs ? how do they work ?	what do british people think about general ?
do boys like introvert girls as girlfriend ?	do boys like introverts girls as a girlfriend ?	do indian people like to eat game ?
how can i increase memory power ?	how do i my increase memory power ?	how can i improve my ability only skills ?
what do the icons on facebook messenger mean ?	what do all the icons on facebook messenger mean ?	what does the sheets of a sheets officer like on facebook messenger ?
what is the rationale behind introducing 2000 rupee notes ?	what is the rationale behind introducing 2000 rupee note by india government ?	why did modi introduce a 2000 rupee note ?
how many times can one have sex in a week ?	how many times have sex in week ?	how many times a week should one have sex ?
how can i stop sweating so much ?	how do i stop excessive sweating ?	how do i stop sweating ?
is there actual cyber police ?	is there a cyber police ?	what is a human being a cyber italy ?
how could i improve my english pronunciation ?	how can i improve my speaking ?	how do i improve my overall native english language ?
what the best method to get meth out of your system ?	how can i dilute meth out of my system ?	how does one get meth out of your system ?
what do you think about the game pokemon go ?	what do you like most about pokémon go ?	what are your thoughts about the masters in pokémon go ?
do women love and enjoy sex ?	do girls love sex ?	do women like love or sex ?
what are the most hilarious jokes ever ?	what is the most hilarious joke you have ever heard ?	what is the most hilarious joke you have ever heard ?
how can i get money ?	how do i get more money ?	how do you get money ?
how do i learn to talk less ?	how can i talk less ?	how can we learn less ?
should customer support be part of customer service success ?	should customer support be part of customer success ?	should effective customer hotels be used for left 4g ?
how winning money from youtube ?	how can you make money on youtube ?	how can we earn on youtube ?
how does the legal system work in the england ?	what kind of legal system does the england have ?	how much does the treaty system work in the england ?
how do i build a dynamic website ?	what is needed to build a dynamic website ?	how do i build a dynamic website ?
is morality objective ?	is human morality subjective or objective ?	is morality subjective ?
how do i lose weight faster ?	how can i lose my weight fast ?	how can i lose weight quickly ?
how do i deactivate my quora account ? can it be reactivated later ?	how do i deactivate quora account ?	can i deactivate my quora account ?
how can we make people feel more important than they actually are ?	how can we make people feel as important as they actually are ?	how should i reduce myself ?
what happens when anti matter and matter collides ?	what happens in the reaction between matter and anti - matter ?	what happens if antimatter and matter collide ?
what is it like to become a youtuber ?	what does it feel to be a youtuber ?	what is it like to be an youtuber ?
how i become the topper in class 12 ?	how do i study so that i can become topper in 12 boards ?	how should i be effective of class 12 ?
what are some innovative ideas for sustainable design and construction ?	what are some innovative ideas used in building construction ?	what are some innovative ideas in interior design ?
how do i reduce my anger ?	how do i control my emotions and anger ?	what can one do to control his / her anger ?
what are some examples of functional regions in geography ?	what is functional region ?	what is a functional region ?
are bonds in jobs illegal in india ?	is bond system illegal in india ?	is it illegal for a boy in india in hiring ?
what are the good things that can happen only in india ?	what are somethings that happen only in india ?	can you happen for a mechanical engineer ?
which is the best headphone under rs . 2000 ?	what are the best headphones under rs . 2000 in india ?	what is a good headphone under 2000 rs ?
is it hard to be a parent ?	how hard is it really to be a parent ?	how hard it is to be a parent ?
how can i become the dictator of india ?	how can one become the dictator of india ?	can someone become the dictator of india ?
why is my miniature pinscher / chihuahua mix afraid of cats ?	why is my pug / cavalier mix puppy afraid of cats ?	why is my maltese / husky puppy afraid of cats ?
how are avoidance personality disorder and social anxiety clearly different diagnosis ?	what the difference between social anxiety and avoidant personality disorder ?	what are the differences between social anxiety and social anxiety ?
how do i add pictures to questions on quora ?	how can i add photos to my question in quora ?	how do i add an image to a question on quora ?
how can i change my family ?	how do i change my family ?	how do i change my family ?
have ancient civilizations been scientifically tested ?	has ancient egypt been scientifically tested ?	have ancient civilizations been scientifically tested ?
how do you unlock a disabled phone five ?	how do you unlock an phone five for free ?	how do you unlock an phone that is locked ?
what is the best way to deal with back pain ?	what is the best way to relieve lower back pain ?	how do i deal with back pain ?
what is the importance of seo ?	why is seo ?	how important is seo ?
how good is web development as a career ?	is web development a good career option ?	how wise is to choose web development as a career ?
how can i start preparing for ias exam ? i have four yrs .	how do i start preparation for ias exam ?	how do i start preparing for ias prelims ?
what causes a pilonidal cyst and how is it popped ?	what causes a pilonidal cyst ?	what causes a currency knees ?
what is the quickbooks payroll tech support number in washington ?	which is the best quickbooks hosting support number in new york ?	which is the best quickbooks tech support number in north dakota ?
when should i ask this girl out and how ?	when should you ask a girl out ?	should i ask this girl out ?
how many people live in china ?	how many people are in china ?	how many people in china lives ?
which is the best phone under 15000 rs . ?	what is the best phone i can buy under the price of 15000 ?	which phone should i buy under 15000 ?
how do i flow traffic to my website ?	how can i build traffic for my website ?	how do i get traffic on website ?
how do i remove dead skin from my feet ?	how can i get dead skin off of my 12 year old feet ?	how do i fight sex from my feet ?
how can i gain weight but also eat healthy ?	what is the best weight gain treatment for gaining weight ?	how can i gain weight naturally ?
are protests against trump presidency justified ?	are riots against trump presidency justified ?	what is the impact of donald trump victory on indian interests ?
what makes my urine smell like fish ?	why does my urine smell like fish ?	why does my pee smell like fish ?
how does sharad pawar had become what he is today ?	how did sharad pawar become what he is today ?	what are your views on the trailer of this world ?
which are the best books to prepare for ias exam ?	which is the best book for the ias exam preparation ?	what are the best books for ias preparation ?
how do i get a job as a film and tv critic ?	how can an individual become a film critic ?	how can an individual become an online film critic ?
how can i hack someone wi - fi password ?	can i hack wi - fi ?	how do i can hack wifi ?
what are a few of the habits that successful people do daily ?	what are the habits of highly successful people ?	what are the habits of a successful people do they ?
how do i get money easily ?	live : how can i earn money easily ?	how do i make money easily ?
what is the best investment plan ever ?	which is a best investment plan ?	what are the best investment plan to work ?
why did ecuador cut julian assange internet access ?	is ecuador right to limit assange internet ?	why has ecuador cut off assange internet ?
how common is prostitution in saudi arabia ?	is prostitution in saudi arabia illegal ?	does prostitution thrive in saudi arabia ?
is there something in 2000 new note that helps to find blackmoney ?	is there something in 2000 new note that helps to find black money ?	what is that new technology should be known to make peace ?
what is the best way to invest dollar 200k ?	what the best way to invest dollar 200000 ?	how should i invest myself ?
what are some examples of genes ?	what are some examples of gene ?	what is a gif ? what are some examples ?
where can i find an online course to learn c language ?	where should i learn c language online ?	what are the best online courses for first to learn c programming from 0 ?
which is the best app development company ?	what is a good app development company ?	what the best mobile app development company ?
why do some of my black friends hate white people ?	why do my colored friends hate white people ?	why does my black child hate white ?
`` could a self - aware artificial intelligence theoretically be `` grown ?	what is the probability that self - aware artificial intelligence might emerge unintentionally ?	can artificial intelligence in a simulated reality become self - aware ?
what are the best hover technologies ?	what are the best hover technology ?	what are the best differences in this time ?
what should i do to be slim ?	how can i became slim ?	how do i become slim ?
how do you control your anger ?	what the best method to control anger ?	what should i do for controlling anger ?
what motivates you for works ?	how motivated are you at work ? what motivates you ?	what motivates you the most in your work ?
what is a cell phone ?	what is cell phone ?	what is a cell phone ?
is there such a thing as the philosophy of philosophy ?	is there a philosophy of philosophy ?	is there any proof that philosophy is in philosophy ?
what is the quora digest ?	what is quora digest ?	what about quora does the quora five ?
what the big deal about cultural appropriation ?	why do people care so much about cultural appropriation ?	what is cultural appropriation and why is it such a big problem ?
how many medals has india won in olympics till now ?	how many medals india won in olympics ?	how many medals have indian athletes won in olympics till now ?
what are the best business apps ?	what are some good business apps ?	what is the best business app ?
what are chances of another war between india and pakistan ?	how does our economy effect if war happens between india and pakistan ?	what will happen if there is a war between india and pakistan ?
who are the best digital marketers in india ?	what is the best digital marketing agency in india ?	which is the best digital marketing agency in india ?
which are the books for self learning cplusplus ?	what are the best books for cplusplus ?	what books do people practice for cplusplus ?
what does impairment of assets mean ?	what is impairment of assets - lrb - ias 36 - rrb - ?	what does sherlock of means ?
how do quantum computers work ?	how does quantum computing work ?	how do quantum computers work ?
what is the best way to immigrate to new zealand ?	should i immigrate to australia or new zealand ?	how do i immigrate to new zealand ?
is there a certification for design thinking ? if not , why ?	is there a certification for design thinking ?	what are some essential designers ?
is kerala truly god own country ?	is kerala over hyped as being god own country ?	is kerala indeed god own country ?
genetics and heredity : what is genetics ?	what is genetics and heredity ?	what does genetics mean ?
who is the best invitation card designer in hyderabad for the events ?	where can i find the best invitation card designer in hyderabad ?	who are the best submit card in hyderabad ?
how can i stop masturbation ?	how can i stop masturbating daily ?	how do i quit masturbation ?
what causes a lump on left side of the head ?	what are some causes for a lump on the side of my head ?	what are the causes of a lump of the head side ?
what are some legit ways to earn money online ?	what are the genuine way to earn money through online ?	what are the best legitimate methods to making money online ?
what can i do to make my girlfriend feel special on her birthday ?	how can i make my girlfriend feel really special on her birthday ?	how do i make my girlfriend feel special on her birthday ?
why was cyrus mistry removed from the chairmanship of tata sons ?	why did the tata sons sacked cyrus mistry ?	why was cyrus mistry sacked ?
how do i pass a meth drug test ?	does exercise help pass meth drug test ?	what will clean your ph from methamphetamine for a drug test ?
why should not we vote for donald trump ?	why should not i vote for donald trump ?	why should the people not vote for donald trump ?
how do you treat damaged vocal cords from intubation ?	how do you treat vocal cord damage caused by intubation ?	how can you treat a damaged keyboard from acting ?
is the earth flat ? is there a sky dome ?	it is real the earth is flat ?	what is the evidence that makes some people say the earth is flat ?
what or who has influenced your life the most and why ?	which person has influenced your life the most ?	who according to you has influenced your life most ?
if i want to learn coding where do i start ?	i want to learn coding how should i start it ?	i want to learn and how do i start with it ?
how good of a king would stannis have been ?	would stannis baratheon have made a good king ?	how will a king like a king ?
what is the best air conditioner service center in hyderabad ?	where is the best air conditioner service center in hyderabad ?	where is the best air conditioner service center in hyderabad ?
what is the best way to reduce weight ?	what is the best way to reduce body weight ?	how should i loose weight ?
what are leguminous plants ? what are some examples ?	what are some examples leguminous plants ?	what are some leguminous crops ?
which are some good non fiction books i should read ?	which are the best non fiction books you have read ?	what are the best non - fiction books i should read ?
where can i find professional hackers ?	where do i hire professional hackers ?	where can i hire a professional hacker ?
what is it like living in south africa ?	what it like to live in south africa ?	what is it like to live in south africa ?
what is the meaning of a clock driven in a microprocessor ?	what is the meaning of clock - driven in a microprocessor ?	how do youtubers help in the desktop ?
how should i improve my writing skill for blogging ?	what is the best way to improve my writing skills ?	how do i improve writing skills . ?
which color do you like most ?	what color do you like ? why ?	which color do you like ?
do animals have emotional intelligence ?	do animals we eat have feelings ?	do animals understand emotions ?
how are educated , gainfully employed indians treated in singapore ?	how are indians treated in singapore ?	how should cm jayalalitha bases in singapore ?
how can i hone my writing skills ?	how could i improve my writing skill ?	how do i improve my writing skills ?
is quora becoming more like reddit ?	is quora becoming reddit ?	why is quora so much bigger for we to curb sex ?
how do i repair damaged hair because of straightener ?	how do i repair my damaged hair from straightening ?	how to get the damaged hair ?
is there any scope in mechanical engineering ?	what is the scope of mechanical engineering around world ?	what is the scope of mechanical engineering ?
how is solar energy converted into electricty ?	how is solar energy converted into electrical energy ?	what is solar energy converted into electricity ?
how can i study more hard ?	how do you study effectively ?	how can i study more time and more effectively ?
which is the best book for solving the puzzles ?	which is the best book for puzzle solving ?	which is the best book in the indian puzzles ?
how can i improve my english speaking ability ?	what is the best way to improve my spoken english soon ?	how can i improve my english in a very short time ?
which are books one must read in life ?	what is that one novel that everybody should read in life ?	what are some must read books before one dies ?
what do you know that nobody else knows ?	what do you know that you think nobody else knows ?	do you know where nobody knows ?
what books should entrepreneurs read on entrepreneurship ?	what are some books all entrepreneurs must read ?	what are some of the best books about entrepreneurship ?
what is your favorite vegetarian recipe ?	what is your favourite vegetarian recipe ?	what vegetarian recipes are good ?
does the sun orbit the earth ?	why is not the sun orbiting earth ?	does the sun cause earth orbit ?
how do i make money for doing nothing ?	how do i make money by doing nothing ?	how do i make money for doing nothing ?
what is the best website for learning english ?	which is the best website for learning english ?	what is the best website for online learning ?
which is the best coaching institute for ssc cgl preparation in delhi ?	which is the best coaching institute for ssc cgl preparation in new delhi ?	which is the best institute for ssc cgl preparation in delhi ?
what if i do not join accenture after accepting offer letter ?	can i reject offer letter of accenture after accepting ?	what will i do if i ca not living after starting salary ?
how should i prepare for llb entrance exam ?	how do i prepare for the llb entrance exam ?	how can i prepare for a mouse exam ?
what makes a person join isis ?	why did you join isis ?	why would someone like to join isis ?
how do i overcome from depression without getting help from anyone ?	has anyone overcome depression by themselves without external help ?	how do i overcome depression without professional help ?
why is clinton better than trump ?	how is hillary clinton better than donald trump ?	who is better between hillary clinton and donald trump as a america president ?
what does every start up need ?	what expertise does every start - up need ?	what does that one start about starting everything ?
why do we get our brightest ideas in the shower ?	why do people have really good ideas in the shower ?	why do i get the best ideas while showering ?
what is the best renaissance festival ?	what are some of the best renaissance festivals ?	what are the best was the original festival ?
how many atheist are there on quora ?	is there any way to find out how many atheists are on quora ?	how many types of atheists are there on quora ?
does quora make money , if yes then how ?	how does quora make any money as a business without any advertising ?	does quora make money , if yes then how ?
which project should i use spring framework ?	what are the uses of spring framework ?	which are the top five companies to use spring framework ?
what does it feel like to be a power engineer ?	what is it like being a power engineer ?	what does it feel like to be a hard engineer ?
what are the food eating challenges in india ?	are there any food eating competitions in india ?	what are the food - fat loss in india ?
what are covalent bonds ?	what is the meaning of covalent bond ?	what is a covalent bond ?
what are you looking for an a therapist ?	what do you look for in a therapist ?	what is you looking for after an agreement ?
why is a person hanged early in the morning ?	why is the hanging till death time fixed in the early morning ?	why i should thinking everything in the morning ?
how can i slowly lose weight ?	how do i lose weight ayurvedically ?	how do i lose 15 kilos ?
what happens after we die ?	what will happen after we die ? what about our thoughts ?	what happens after the death ?
how can i get rid of thinking of suicide ?	how do i get rid of the feeling of suicide ?	how do you get rid of suicide ?
what is the style of the 2012 les miserables film ?	what is the style of the film les miserables ?	what is missing in the world ?  hitler ?
how do i improve my pronunciation in english ?	how can i become good at english ?	how can i understand english ?
what is your review of brahmin bashing ?	what is your review of anti - brahminism ?	what are tell dioxide of tesla ?
what is wrong with the america education system ?	what is wrong with the current education system in the america ?	what is wrong with the america school system ?
what do astronomers use scientific notation for ?	why do astronomers use scientific notation ? when is this used ?	how do i move fluency in scientific notation for beginners ?
how can i resurface an asphalt driveway ?	how do i resurface my asphalt driveway ?	how can i store an xbox sometimes ?
what are tips to lose weight while starving yourself ?	how can starving yourself to lose weight adversely affect your health ?	will starving yourself make you lose weight ?
do i need to consult a psychiatrist ?	do i need to seek a psychiatrist ?	do you think a psychiatrist then on a pregnant ?
what is meaning of happiness ?	what is the meaning of happiness ?	what is the true happiness ?
how do i crack the ca final exam ?	what is the best way to prepare for ca final isca ?	what is the best way to prepare for ca final law and audit ?
what problem do you want to solve ?	what problem do you want to solve in your life ?	what is the problem you want to solve in your life ?
which is the best place to visit in india ?	what are some best places that everyone should visit in india ?	what are the best places to visit in india ?
why is not there a directory for cell phone numbers ?	is there a directory of individual landline and cell phone telephone numbers ?	how can you get a list of cell phone numbers and names ?
what is the best way to start writing a book ?	what is the best way to start writing my first book ?	how would you suggest some good ways to start writing ?
what are the best way to learn hacking ?	what is the best way to learn hacking in short time ?	what is the best possible way for learning hacking ?
can i make money online ?	how can i earn money easily online ?	how do we make money online ?
how does one learn how to play chess ?	what is the best way to learn chess ?	how do i play chess ?
does darkseid have a weakness ?	what is darkseid weakness ?	do you have to personally have of a check ?
how can i be more satisfied about my life ?	how can i be satisfied with my life ?	how do i be happy about life ?
what is the relation between snoop dogg and wiz khalifa ?	how is snoop dogg related to wiz khalifa ?	what is the differences between this 500 and phenotype ?
what the best exercise routine to lose weight ?	what are some exercise to lose weight ?	what are some exercise routine to lose weight ?
what is the importance of the security code on a visa credit card ?	what is security code for master card ?	what is the purpose of credit cards using security codes ?
what are the non - metals in the periodic table ?	what are the non - metals in periodic table ?	what are some non - metals ?  chinese types ?
what causes ovarian cancer ?	what is basic cause of ovarian cancer ?	what factors make cancer cancer ?
what the best online dating app ?	which one is the best dating app ?	what is the best online dating app ?
where can i found best in sound quality on dj hire in sydney ?	where can i get best quality video dj for party in sydney ?	where can i get best quality dj for birthday party in sydney ?
which is the best phone to buy under 15000 ?	which is the best smartphone under inr 15000 ?	which is best smartphone to buy under rs 15000 ?
why is salt water taffy candy imported in france ?	why is saltwater taffy candy imported in south korea ?	why is saltwater taffy candy imported in the philippines ?
which is best cricketer all over ?	who the best cricketer in the world so far ?	which is best cricketer all over ?
where can i get designer collection of affordable floor tiles in sydney ?	where can i get various range of stylish ceramic floor tiles in sydney ?	where can i get huge selection of floor tiles in sydney ?
how do i get over my porn addiction ?	what are some effective ways to get rid of porn / masturbation addiction ?	how do i self rehab from masturbation and porn games ?
which series is better : sherlock or elementary ? why ?	which serie is more thrilling , sherlock or elementary ?	is there better at sherlock or sherlock ?
why are transition metals good catalysts ?	why are transition metals used as catalysts ?	why are letters bags good for high dogs ?  or tiger ?
how can you rapidly lose weight in 14days ?	how can i lose weight quickly in two weeks ?	how can someone lose weight quickly ?
what is the use of digital marketing ?	is digital marketing useful ?	what are the top courses on digital marketing ?
which is the best packers and movers in bangalore ?	who are the best packers and movers in bangalore ?	who are the best packers in bengaluru ?
what life lessons can we learn from game of thrones ?	what life lessons does game of thrones teach america ?	what life lessons can you learn from game of thrones ?
how much does uber driver make in san diego ?	how much does an uber driver make in san diego ?	how much does one uber make on a it bigger ?
what are the qualifications and process to get a job in sebi ?	what are the qualifications required to get a job on sebi ?	what is the eligibility process of sebi with sebi ?
what is the salary of civil engineer ?	what is the average salary of a civil engineer ?	what is the civil engineering engineer ?
how do i improve my english speaking ?	how could i improve my english pronunciation ?	how can i improve my spoken english ?
what masonry companies are based in queensland , australia ?	what are the top masonry designer companies in queensland , australia ?	what are all reviews of on party which are high services in australia ?
is there a difference between being smart and being over - smart ?	what is the difference between being smart and over - smart ?	what is the difference between smart and smart phones ?
chinese food : what is the origin of the fortune cookie ?	how were fortune cookies created ? are they really a chinese tradition ?	what are your views about managing your fortune music ?
what can i do to reduce my belly ?	how should i reduce my belly naturally ?	how can i reduce my belly and tummy fat ?
is there a cure for tinnitus ?	how can i cure tinnitus ?	will there be cure for tinnitus in the future ?
what the pros and cons of being a flight attendant ?	what are the pros and cons of becoming a flight attendant ?	what are the pros and cons of being a flight attendant ?
what would be the consequences of abolishing caste - based reservation from india ?	what if caste reservation is completely eradicated from india ?	how can you avoid / abolished in india ?
what is the best way to reduce body weight ?	what are the best things to do when working on losing weight ?	what are the best was to lose weight ?
what are the differences between testing desktop , mobile and web applications ?	what are the differences between testing mobile and web apps ?	what is the difference between web code and loan ?
can i pursue a phd when i am past 40 ?	is it ok to start a phd at age 40 ?	is it necessary to do a phd when i am relevant ?
what the purpose of life ? what is life actually about ?	what purpose do you find in life ?	what the sole purpose of life ?
what is the best way to learn about stock markets ?	how can i learn more about stocks ?	what are the ways to learn about stock market ?
how do i give a good bj ?	fellatio : how do i give a good blowjob ?	how do you give a good blow job ?
why is quora such regressive left ?	why is quora so left sided ?	why is quora so left - wing ?
why has not hillary clinton given a press conference since december 2015 ?	why has not hillary clinton had a news conference in 200 days ?	is hillary clinton secretly paying a press conference pre product ?
what does it take to be a great math teacher ?	how can i be a great math techer ?	how can i become a great math teacher ?
which phone do you use ?	which phone do you use and why ?	which phone do you use and why ?
how imminent is world war three ?	will there be a world war 3 soon ?	are we heading toward world war three ?
what is an easy way make money online ?	how can i earn money online ?	what are the best ways to earn money from home ?
how do you know if a guy likes you ?	how can i know if a. guy likes me ?	how do you know if you like a guy ?
why is that the sky is so blue ?	whey is the sky blue ?	why is the sky blue on earth ?
what are the ways for a dumb person to earn money online ?	what are the ways a dumb person can earn money online ?	how do you make money online ?
for how long will reservation system for backward castes continue in india ?	when will the reservation system come to an end in india ?	when will the present reservation policy stop in india ?
can we attain supernatural powers by meditation ?	can we get supernatural power from meditation ?	is it possible to occupy supernatural powers by meditation ?
why do we indians stare a lot ?	why do indians stare at other people ?	why do we indians stare so much ?
how do i delete read notifications on quora ?	how do i delete my notifications on quora ?	how do i delete read notifications on quora ?
does change.org work ?	does change.org really work ?	how does the reasoning work work ?
is global warming real or a hoax ?	is it possible that global warming is a hoax ?	is it possible that global warming is a hoax ?
do keywords and meta tags still important and matters in seo ?	how keyword ranking is important in seo ?	is keyword ranking still important in seo ?
what is the best thing you have ever tasted ?	what is the most delicious thing you have ever ate ?	what is the best thing you have ever been had ?
what is the best place for a honeymoon in february ?	what are the best places for honeymoon in february ?	what is the best place to honeymoon in february ?
how do you root an android tablet ?	how do i root an android device ?	how can one root android devices ?
how would people buy things online without net neutrality ?	why wo not people be able to buy things online without net neutrality ?	can people be able to buy things online without net neutrality ?
how does a maser work ?	how does maser work ?	how does the axis work ?
how can the toughness of steel be improved ?	how we can improve toughness of steel ?	how late of steel can be improved ?
is there a way to prevent hair loss ?	how do i stop male hair loss ?	what can we do to minimize our hair loss ?
how is to work at bosch bangalore as a fresher ?	what is it like to work at robert bosch , bangalore for fresher ?	how do you work in mangalore ?
why my question was marked as needing improvement ?	why does quora always marks my question as needing improvement ?	why is my question repeatedly marked as needing improvement ?
has anyone seen a genuine ufo ? what was it like ?	has anyone living in kongka la ladakh and using quora seen a ufo ?	has anyone personally involved or experienced or have seen ufos or etraterrestrials ?
what are the creepiest paranormal experience you have had ?	what the most haunted experience you have ever had ?	what is the most believable paranormal biggest paranormal experience you have had ?
how do l improve my communication skills ?	how can i learn communication skills ?	how do i improve my communication skills in one month ?
can trump repeal laws that allow gay marriages ?	will gay marriage be overturned with donald trump as president ?	how easy would it be for trump to overturn gay marriage ?
why is one plus 1 equal two and not three ?	why does one plus 1 equal two and not three ?	why is one plus 1 equal two , two ?
what is a good substitute for soy sauce in a recipe ?	how can i substitute soy sauce in a recipe ?	what is a good substitute for soy sauce ?
how come pakistan was ahead of india in economical growth till 1970 ?	was pakistan more prosperous than india till 1970 ?	why was pakistan club so procedural ?
what is the best smartphone app ?	what are the best smartphone apps for cars ?	which smartphone app is best to buy ?
what should i do to create a wikipedia page for my website ?	how can i create a wikipedia page for myself ?	how do i create a wikipedia page online ?
what astronomical observations would prove the existence of intelligent extraterrestrial life ?	is there any extraterrestrial intelligent life ?	what factors would prove the rest of the world ?
what are the limitations of human right ?	what are limitations in human rights ?	what are the limitations of human rights ?
how do i talk less ?	how can i learn to talk less ?	how do i learn to talk less ?
what is the best laptop for college students ?	what is the best laptop for a college student ?	which is the best laptop for college students ?
what are must have apps for phone six ?	what are some must - have apps for the phone six ?	what are some of the must - have apps for phone six ?
just asking , who do you think played the best batman ?	who do you think played batman better ?	who do you think i do playstation ?
how do i recover my gmail account password ?	how can i find my forgotten gmail account password ?	how do i recover my gmail password ?
how do i stop being a jerk ?	how can i stop being a jerk ?	how can me stop being a procrastinator ?
which team will win the premier league this season 2016 - - 17 ?	who will win the barclays premier league 2016 - 2017 ?	which team will win the 2016 - 17 premier league ?
did time exist before the big bang ?	did time begin before the big bang ?	what was time before the big bang ?
how can i study efficiently everyday ?	how can one study efficiently ?	what should i do to study efficiently ?
what is the best laptop under 25000 in india ?	what will be best laptop under 25000 inr ?	which are the best laptops under inr 25000 in indian market ?
which headphone is better under 2000 rupees ?	which are the best headphones to buy under rs 2000 in india ?	what are the best headphones under rs . 2000 in india ?
what are the best shampoos for hair ?	which is the best shampoo used for hair ?	which is the best help to help artificial hair ?
what is the example of analogy ?	what is analogy ? what are some examples ?	what is the examples of this habit ?
what is origin of hindu ?	what is the origin of the hindu religion ?	what is a hindu ?
how do you start a technology company ?	how do i start a technology company ?	how do i start a technology company ?
how do you know it time to let someone go ?	when is it the right time to let someone go ?	when is the right time to let someone ?
what is the best poem that you have ever written ?	what is your favorite poem that you have written ?	what is the best poem or lines of poetry you have ever written ?
what drawing should i make for my teacher ?	what should i draw for my teacher ?	what drawing or painting should i make my teacher ?
how much bigger can a male bicep muscles get than a female ?	how much bigger can a male bicep muscles get than a female ?	how much does a male vaccine consume replaced messages in a female ?
can skipping increase your height ?	can skipping increase my height ?	how do i increase body height ?
what are some diy ways to remove scratches from car ?	how do i get scratches out of a car ?	what is the best way to get scratches out of car ?
which is the best way to learn angularjs ?	what is the best way to learn angularjs ?	what are some good ways of learning angularjs ?
is hillary clinton qualified to be president ?	why is hillary clinton eligible to be president ?	what are hillary clinton qualifications to be president ?
what are the easy ways to earn money online ?	how do we make money online ?	how can we earn money online in india ?
how is donald trump winning ?	why did donald trump win the election ?	how did donald trump win despite projections that he would fail ?
is lionel messi a good captain ?	is lionel messi a good leader ?	can a hard person improve heat flavors ?
how do i get rid of the pain of unrequited love ?	what is the way to get over unrequited love ?	how do i get rid off unrequited love pain ?
can a person be really in love with two persons ?	is it possible for a man to love two women sincerely ?	is it really possible to love two people at a same life ?
how can i prepare chicken biryani ?	which is the best way to cook chicken biryani ?	how do i learn chicken on my age ?
how was the kvpy 2016 sa paper ? what is the expected cutoff ?	how was the kvpy sa 2016 ? what is the expected cutoff ?	what is the expected cut off for kvpy sa aptitude test 2016 ?
is there any proof that anunnaki existed ?	is there any proof that the anunnaki race ever existed ?	what evidence supports biological engineering is in the universe ?
can you make your own ecommerce website on shopify ?	is shopify good to make your own ecommerce website ?	can i make my first pc website through shopify ?
are polar or nonpolar compounds more reactive ?	is polar molecules more reactive than non - polar , why ?	are both bags and plants tend ?
how do i remove dry ball point pen ink from my jeans ?	how do you remove dried ink from jeans ?	how can you solve a professional files screen from stomach ?
how can apple cider vinegar lower blood pressure ?	does vinegar lower blood pressure ?	why is apple cider vinegar naturally ?
why are so many people obsessed with the flat earth theory ?	why do some people think that the earth is flat ?	why there are people who still believe that earth is flat ?
how much money should i have in savings at 22 ?	how much money should you have saved by 22 ?	how much money should i have in a hyderabad entertainment ?
why are sacraments important to the catholic church ?	what made the sacrament important for the catholic church ?	why are sacraments church so important ?
who is going to win the 2016 presidential election ?	who will win the election ? donald trump or hillary clinton ?	between trump and clinton who will win america presidential election ?
how do i track that my email was opened by the recipient ?	how can one track whether sent email was read ?	how do you determine whether an email was opened by a recipient ?
how do girls flirt ?	how girls flirt with boys ?	how do you flirt around girlfriends ?
what should i do for belly fat ?	what should i eat to get rid of belly fat ?	how can i reduce my belly and tummy fat ?
which answer on quora got the most likes yet ?	which answer is the most voted one in quora ?	what is the most viewed and most up voted answer on quora ?
is it normal to fall out of love ?	how do i fall out of love with someone ?	is it normal to fall out of love ?
why is the national flag of libya all green before 2011 ?	what does libya solid green flag represent ?	why is the national flag of rape caused painful in green ?
how did time begin to exist ?	when and how did time begin ?	how memory is / depression ?
what are some best practices in creating restful api stubs ?	what are some of the best practices for designing a restful api ?	what are the best blogs on to edit football due ?
how can i lose weight loss ?	how do i lose weight ?	how do i lose weight ?
how do i change my gmail password ?	how can i change gmail password on mobile phone ?	how do i reset my gmail password ?
`` what does `` under the weather mean ?	`` what does `` little under the weather mean ?	`` what does the phrase `` be under the weather mean ?
how do i hack a gmail account ?	how do i hack gmail account ?	how do i hack a gmail account ?
can non america citizens receive social security benefits ?	can a non america citizen get social security ?	will a indian win on a cyber security account ?
what is the best way to learn astronomy ?	how can i learn astronomy ?	how do i learn myopia ?
should i be scared if my butt squirts blood every time i defacate ?	why does my butt bleed every time i poop ?	is it better to improve biceps speed every belly ?
how can a mosquito fly inside a moving car ?	how do mosquitoes fly in a moving car or train ?	how an a mosquito - fly inside a moving car ?
where did the name hollywood undead come from ?	where did the hollywood undead come from ?	what is the origin of the name of the books come from ?
who were responsible for the collapse of indus valley civilization ?	how did the harappan and indus valley civilizations disappear ?	who are responsible for the collapse of indus valley civilization ?
what are exclamatory sentences ? what are some examples ?	what is an exclamatory sentence ?	what are the characteristics statement ?
how do i go about self studying ap physics two ?	what is the best way to self - study ap physics two ?	how should i study about self studying bsc ?
what is the scope for automobile engineering in india ?	what is the scope or value for an automobile engineer in india ?	what is the scope of automobile engineering in india ?
`` what exactly does it mean to be `` intelligent ?	what does it mean to be intelligent ?	what do intelligent people mean ?
is hanuman alive ?	is hanuman still alive ?	is pm coffee alive ?
what are great movies to watch in 2016 and why ?	what was your favorite 2016 movie and why ?	what movies would you recommend everyone to watch ?
what are the most fascinating science facts ?	what are some really cool science facts ?	what is the most bond science ever ?
what are some funny puns ?	what are some funny / clever puns ?	what are some funny investors ?
what side dishes should be served with mac and cheese ?	what are some examples of sides that go best with mac and cheese ?	what are some great side dishes that go well with macbook and cheese ?
what is the best way to teach kids about saving and investing ?	what is the best way to teach kids saving and investing ?	what is the best way to teach kids about saving and investing ?
do you think the hype around pokemon go is overrated ?	do you consider pokemon go an overrated game ?	do you think pokémon go is overrated ?
how can i get an entry in the kapil sharma show ?	how do i get tickets for the kapil sharma show ?	how do i get an entry in the kapil sharma show ?
what are some very good and real touching romantic novels ?	what are some good romantic novels ?	what are some good romantic english novels ?
what are some of the best hollywood movies to watch ?	what are the best movies of hollywood ?	which is best hollywood movie ever ? why ?
can i change into an extrovert from being an introvert ? and how ?	can a person change from being introvert to extrovert or vice versa ?	is it possible to change an introvert from an introvert ?
what is it like kill someone ?	what is it like to murder someone ?	what it like to be born with easy ?
how can we become rich soon ?	how do i become rich ?	how does one become rich in 2015 ?
how can i learn a new language ? what are the steps ?	which steps can one follow in learning a new language ?	what are the best ways to learn c# ?
what typhoons are made of ?	where can typhoons happen and how are they formed ?	how do typhoons originate ? how are they formed ?
what literary devices are used in frankenstein ?	`` what are some of the literary devices used in `` frankenstein ?	what literary devices are used in the japanese ?
what are some good ways to write a business plan ?	what the best way to write a business plan ?	how do i write a business plan to investors ?
what are some mindblowing facts about bollywood ?	what are the some amazing facts about a bollywood movie ?	what are some unknown facts about bollywood ?
what is your best friend name ?	what is your best friend name ?	what is your best friend - author ?
does the indian education system need a reformation ?	should the indian education system be changed ?	should the indian education system be revamped ?
can you give information about agricultural internship ?	can you give information regarding agricultural internship ?	how do i get to information about agriculture environment ?
what are the top three apps for latest free recharge offers ?	what is the latest app for getting free recharge offers ?	what are some great blogs for learning free battery ?
should the united nations security council be expanded to include more permanent members ?	should un security council be expended to include more permanent members ?	should people believe in the united kingdom council of view ?
which are the best colleges at oxford for studying physics ?	what are the best colleges for physics at oxford university ?	what are the best colleges in physics for physics ?
what is flamenco dance associated with ?	flamenso dance is associated with ?	what is the ultimate tan dance rate ?
what is the world perception about india ?	what do foreigners think about india ?	what is the world perception about india ?
what are your favorite books ?	which is your favorite book ?	what is your favorite book of al time ?
what are the various ways through which one can earn money online ?	how can we earn money online in india ?	how do we make money online ?
which is the best commercial gym equipment manufacturers in china ?	who is the best commercial gym equipment manufacturer in china ?	which hackathons is the best commercial pilot in china agency ?
how many days before my period can i get pregnant ?	can you get pregnant one day before ovulation ?	is it possible to get pregnant before period or after period ends ?
what are some tips for me to memorize lines fast ?	how do i memorize my script fast ?	what are some tips for learning simple words ?
what are the legitimate ways to earn money online ?	what are the genuine way to earn money through online ?	what are the best legitimate methods to making money online ?
how india will be benifited by donald trump win in america presidential election ?	what does a donald trump presidency mean for the america - india relationship ?	what does trump win mean for india ?
what are the best cbse schools in india ?	which are the best cbse schools in india ?	which is the best cbse school in india ?
how do i change my profile pic on quora ?	how can i change my profile pic on quora ?	how do i add or change my quora profile picture ?
how can improve my english speaking ?	how can i improve my english in a very short time ?	how can i improve my english language ?
is time an illusion ? what do they mean by this ?	is time just an illusion ?	does time and 10 exist it if you are just an illusion ?
what is the difference in pleasure between masturbation and sex ?	what is the difference between sex and masturbation when it comes to pleasure ?	what is the difference between captain and masturbation ?
was hillary clinton email hacked ?	was hillary clinton email server hacked ?	do you think hillary clinton hack ?
are ancient myths still useful in today society ?	are ancient myths still useful today ?	what are the ancient ancient myths used in today classes ?
is it possible that one day we will discover a new color ?	is it possible to discover a new color ?	is it possible for human to invent a new color ?
what is the role of the bank of england ?	what are the responsibilities of the bank of england ?	what is the scope of the bank of england ?
what is the best way of improving spoken english ?	what are the best ways to improve english ?	what is the best way to improve my spoken english soon ?
what are the benefits of using digital signage for your business ?	what would digital signage do for your business ?	what are the benefits of digital africa ?
how can i lose belly fat quickly ?	how can i lose belly fat if i m skinny ?	how do i get rid of belly fat and thigh fat ?
what are the advantages and disadvantages of gst bill ?	what is gst bill ? what are it advantages and disadvantages ?	what is gst bill ? what are the benefits of gst bill ?
what is the best food for a diabetic patient ?	what food is best for diabetes ?	which food is best for a transgender concept ?
how did dinosaurs become extinct ?	why and when did the dinosaurs became extinct ?	why and when was the dinosaurs so dinosaurs ?
how much time will spotify take to land in india ?	why does not spotify work in india ?	why spotify is not available in india ?
how do we stay calm ?	how do i stay calm and focused ?	how should i stay calm ?
can we expect time travel to become a reality ?	what is the possibility of time travel becoming a reality ?	is time travel possible ? if yes ? how ?
how do you change your nationality ?	how can i change my nationality ?	what are some ways to change my user ?
what are similar books to harry potter ?	what are some books like harry potter ?	what are some similar books to harry potter ?
what is the best college major to get into any industry ? why ?	what is the best college major to have ?	what is the best college major ?
do fairness creams really work ?	do fairness creams actually work ?	can you still be used to get a smaller ?
how can i lose weight at age 55 ?	what are some ways to lose weight fast ?	how do i lose fats and excessive weight from body ?
how can the equivalent resistance of a circuit be calculated ?	how do you calculate the equivalent resistance of a circuit ?	how is the total equivalent resistance of a circuit determined ?
what the best earphones in india under 2000 ?	which are the best earphones under 2000inr or 35usd ?	what are the best earphones under / around rs .2000 ?
what is the best thing to do to get rid of boredom ?	boredom is killing me . how do i get rid of it ?	how do you get rid of boredom and irritation ?
what are best hollywood movies ?	what is your best hollywood movie and why ?	what is your best hollywood movie ?
how did donald trump win the presidency ?	why did donald trump win the election ?	why did america people elect donald trump as their president ?
which will be the longest bridge in india ?	which is the longest bridge in india ?	what are the longest bridge in india ?
how would you suggest a way to start writing a book ?	what are some good ways to start writing a book ?	how do i start writing my own book ?
what is principle of cutting tools ?	what is principles of cutting tools ?	what are the characters for building tools ?
is calculator a computer ? if yes , how ?	is a calculator a computer ?	how do application increase ?
which is the most powerful dog breed ?	what is the most powerful dog ?	what is the most powerful dog breed ?
which is the best java learning book for beginners ?	what are some books to learn java for beginners ?	what is the best book for learning java ?
where can i get huge selection of floor tiles in sydney ?	where can i found wide variety of ceramic tiles in sydney ?	where can i get wonderful floor tiles company in sydney ?
what can i do to improve my social life ?	how can i improve my social circle ?	how do i fix my social life ?
what is the significance of the fourteenth amendment ?	what is the importance of the fourteenth amendment ?	what is the significance of the stars behind the bed amendment ?
how do i start new life in america ?	how do i start a new life in america ?	how do you start your life in a new life ?
how can i get rid of acne and scars ?	what is the best way to get rid of acne ?	what is the best way to get rid of acne ?
`` what is a summary of joan aiken `` searching for summer ?	`` what is a summary of joan aiken `` searching for summer ?	what is the movie of the indian alive ?
what are the differences in life between chinese and western cultures ?	what the difference between western culture and chinese culture ?	what is the difference between chinese culture and western culture ?
what are the best ways to learn how to draw ?	how do i learn how to draw ?	what is the best way to learn how to draw ?
when will my questions be answered ?	when will i get my question answered ?	do we have any good questions on humans ?
how can i message some one on quora ?	how can i send a private message through quora ?	how do i send another person a message on quora ?
what are some interesting anecdotes ?	what are some of the best anecdotes ?	what are some interesting anecdotes ?
why is education important in jewish culture ?	is education a jewish tradition ?	why is education valued in jewish culture ?
what was the best gift you gave yourself ?	what the best gift you ever gave to yourself ?	what is the best gift you have gift ?
will hillary clinton win the presidential election ?	how certain are you that hillary clinton will win the 2016 election ?	what are hillary clinton chances of winning in the 2016 america presidential election ?
who are some of the best lawyers in india ?	who are the top lawyers in india ?	who is the best country in india ? why ?
how can i change my profile picture on quora ?	how do i upload profile pic in quora ?	how do i change profile picture in quora ?
which is your favourite film in 2016 ?	which is the best movie of 2016 ?	which movies are the best in 2016 ?
what does it feel like to own a ferrari ?	what it like to own a ferrari ?	what is it like to own a cuisine ?
can hamsters eat strawberries ?	what do hamsters like to eat besides vegetables and hamster food ?	can hamsters eat grapes ?
how do i understand loops in the programming language ?	how do i get a better understanding of loops in any programming language ?	how do i understand loops in the programming language ?
what would happen if donald trump becomes president ?	what would be some pros and cons of donald trump becoming president ?	what would be the consequences if donald trump became president ?
what are the best ways to write an impressive essay ?	why ca not i write good essay ?	why is it so hard to write an essay ?
what the best agatha christie book ?	what is the best agatha christie book in your opinion ?	what is the best translation telescope ?
how do i gain weight in naturally way ?	what is the best weight gain treatment for gaining weight ?	how do i gain weight fast but still be healthy ?
what happens to the matter that forms a black hole ?	what happens to matter when it gets sucked by a black hole ?	what happens to matter that enters a black hole ?
are we near world war three ?	can world war three ever take place ?	are we heading toward world war three ?
are conspiracy theories ever true ?	what are examples of conspiracies theories that turned out to be true ?	what conspiracy theories have been proven ?
how does stock market works ?	how does the stock market work ?	how does the stock market work ?
which are the three dimensions ?	what are the three dimensions ?	what is advanced psychology ?
injustice : what percentage of america prisoners are serving unjust sentences ?	what percentage of america prisoners are serving unjust sentences ?	are we still able to know about prime minister competitions ?
which is the best wordpress security plugin ?	what is the best security plugin for wordpress today , free or paid ?	what is currently the best security plugin for wordpress ?
can i take an official online iq test ?	where can i do an official iq test for free ?	what is a good free online iq test ?
why is manaphy a whiny pokemon ?	why is manaphy so whiny throughout the pokémon anime ?	why is manaphy now seen as whiny pokemon ?
is australia bigger than the continental united states ?	is australia or the united states bigger in geographical size ?	is australia bigger the hulk in the phone five ?
is a franchise a good idea to start up a business ?	is starting a franchise a good idea for young entrepreneurs ?	is a good idea to start a business ?
how can i approach to a girl i like ?	how can i approach a girl on my campus that i like ?	how do i approach this girl i like ?
what the funniest highbrow joke you have ever heard ?	what is the best joke you have ever hear ?	what is the funniest joke you ever told , heard , or read ?
how can someone intentionally kill themselves but make it look like an accident ?	how do i die and make it look like an accident ?	is there anyway that could make suicide look like an accident ?
what should i do if my puppy throws up white foam ?	how do i stop my dog from throwing up white foam ?	why is my dog dry heaving white foam ?
will america go to war with russia using nuclear weapons ?	will there be a war between russia and america ?	will russia and america be war ?
what are the top five best catches in the world for cricket ?	what are some of the best catches in cricket ?	what are some of the best catches in the history of cricket ?
how do i overcome my anger problem ?	what should i do to overcome my anger ?	how do i control my emotions and anger ?
what are the functions of rough er ?	what does the rough er do ?	what is a rough endoplasmic reticulum ?
what your new year resolution for 2017 ?	what are some meaningful new year resolutions for 2017 ?	what is your resolution for 2017 ?
how does a car remote lock work ?	how does a car lock remote work ?	how does a car drop work ?
should i buy a macbook pro with or without a retina display ?	is now a good time to buy a retina macbook pro ?	is the right one on anal worth a macbook pro ?
how do i convince my parents to let me live in a hostel ?	how do i convince my parents to let me stay at hostel ?	how should i convince my parents to let it in perform ?
how can i increase the page rank of my website ?	how do i increase the page rank of my blog ?	how do i increase the page rank of my blog ?
how was kvpy sa 2016 ?	what is the expected kvpy 2016 sa cut off ?	what is the expected cut off for kvpy sa 2016 ?
are animals capable of feeling / experiencing emotions unknown to humans ?	do animals have the same emotions as humans ?	do you have any presence of emotions ?
why are autorickshaws not allowed in south mumbai ?	why are auto rickshaws not allowed in south mumbai ?	why is not circumcision in south and narcissistic budget ?
what element is used to make permanent magnets ?	what materials can be used for permanent magnets ?	what is the element of being a permanent compounds ?
why does not honey spoil ?	why does not honey spoil ?	why does not honey go bad ?
how do i get rid of jelly belly ?	how get can i rid of belly fat ?	what are the best ways to get rid of belly fat ?
which exercises can boost you enough to lose 30 pounds in one month ?	what is the best diet to lose 30 pounds in a month ?	what is the best diet to lose 30 pounds in a month ?
how can i improve my german grammar ?	how do i improve my german grammar ?	how do i improve my german ?
why do people on quora hate trump so much ?	why do most people on quora dislike donald trump ?	why does quora fail to recognize donald trump success ?
why am i not able to download pokémon go ?	how do you download pokémon go ?	why ca not i pokémon go ?
how do i get a sponsor for my project ?	how do i get sponsors for a sport project ?	how do i get a collage of my project ?
what the absolute easiest way to commit suicide ?	what is the easiest way of committing suicide ?	what is the most effective way to suicide ?
what are some of the weirdest dreams you have had ?	what the weirdest dream you have ever had that you can remember ?	what is the weirdest dream you have had ?
how is views on answers in quora calculated ?	how does quora count the views of my / your answers ?	how poisonous is twitching of quora ?
does petroleum jelly help eyelashes grow ?	does petroleum jelly - lrb - vaseline - rrb - help eyelashes grow ?	are there intelligence donate to women grow ?
what are the similarities between an m14 and an m21 ?	what is the difference between an m14 and an m21 ?	what are similarities and similarities between no house ?
why are we afraid of change ?	why are people afraid of change ?	why are we afraid of change ?
how can i lose weight after pregnancy ?	how do i lose weight after giving birth ?	can i lose my weight after a pregnancy ?
how do i actually lose weight ?	how do i lose 15 kilos ?	how should one change their diet to lose weight ?
how can i learn math ?	what are some tips about learning math ?	how do i learn maths properly ?
is there any evidence linking video games to real - life violence ?	does playing video games make people violent ?	is there any website whose video games that has a real decision ?
what comes after once , twice , thrice ?	if thrice comes after twice then does anything come after thrice ?	what would be a logical after death ?
what should i see and do as a tourist in taiwan ?	what are the best tourist attractions in taiwan ?	what should an animated traveller be newspapers ?
can i find a mobiles location with it phone number ?	how can you find the location of a phone using its number ?	how do i find a list of mobile using phone number ?
why is nobody answering my question ?	why is nobody answering my questions in quora ?	how come nobody is answering my questions in quora ?
what are the different parakeet sounds and what do they mean ?	parakeet sounds what are their meanings ?	what an uses material do you like ?
`` why does quora do this `` marked as needing improvement ?	what makes a question on quora needing improvement ?	why do all of my questions on quora need improvement ?
what the best city to live in in canada ?	what is the best city to live in canada ?	which is the best city to live in canada ?
how is spirit animal cultural appropriation ? what are some examples ?	why is spirit animal an example of cultural appropriation ?	what are some examples of spirit culture shocks that our existence ?
how can you troubleshoot an ipod classic that constantly freezes ?	why is my ipod classic freezing ? how can i fix it ?	if you could jon your ipod which can not burn ?
what would be a realistic plan to lose weight ?	what are the best was to lose weight ?	how should i lose weight ?
what are professional ethics ?	what are professional ethics ? how can they benefit you ?	what are the most famous vegetarian ethics ?
is there any scope in mechanical engineering ?	what is the scope of mechanical engineering ?	what is the scope of mechanical engineering ?
what are the tips and best books for preparing ntse ?	what are some of the best books to prepare for ntse ?	how should i prepare for ntse ?
which is the best laptop for gaming under 60000 inr ?	which is the best laptop under rs 60000 for gaming in india ?	what is best gaming laptops under 60000 in 2016 ?
what is the easiest method to clean shave bikini area at home ?	how do you completely shave your bikini area ?	what is the best way to shave in bikini area ?
how should i become an actor ?	how can i become an actor ?	how does one become an actor ?
how the way to speak english fluently ?	how do i speak english properly and confidently ?	how could an english learner speak fluently ?
why are swiss watches expensive ?	why are swiss watches so expensive ?	what makes the end of the areas in the future ?
how can one make money online ?	what are some easy ways to make done extra money online ?	what are the best ways to earn money from home ?
what your favorite animal ?	what is your favorite animal and why ?	what is your favorite animal ? why ?
what are the reasons why buddhist monks wear orange robes ?	why do buddhist monks wear orange ?	why is the evolutionary century glue being dancing ?
what did you learn today about life ?	what new thing did you learn about life today ?	what is the best thing to learn about life ?
why does gst bill is important ?	what the importance of gst bill in india ?	what are the benefits of gst bill for common peoples ?
does meditation work ?	i have bad anxiety . does meditation work ?	does mindfulness meditation really work ?
can police track my phone ?	how do police track a stolen phone ?	can a police cell : what are days of my stolen phone ?
i just want to get rid of quora s mails . ?	how do i get off of the quora email list ?	i want to get rid of quora then it , atheism , why ?
what is a good young adult fiction book to read ?	what are some of the best young adult fiction books you have read ?	what are some good and bad chest films ?
did anyone got a job through edwisor ?	is edwisor genuine and has anyone gotten a job through it ?	did you have a job through the peace ?
what are some of the best websites to download movies ?	what are the best sites to download movies from ?	which are best sites to download movies ?
how can i make money through youtube ?	how do i make money from a youtube channel ?	how do i make money through youtube ?
how do you know if a man truly loves you ?	how can you tell if a man loves you ?	how does a man become a person ?
which book is the best to learn algo ?	what is the best book for learning algos ?	what are the best books to learn obesity ?
how do i know what interests me the most ?	how can i get to know what interests me ?	how i can know what is my interest ?
how can one join delta force ?	how can you qualify to be part of the army delta force ?	i want to join the delta force . which i should do ?
how do i talk english fluently ?	what are the best ways to speak english fluently ?	how i can speak english fluently ?
could donald trump realistically be the cause of ww3 ?	why could donald trump cause war ?	do you think trump can cause the third world war ?
what is the best place to visit in norway ?	which are the best places to visit in norway ? www.krazybutterfly.com	what is a good place to work in norway ?
what game of thrones character do you most relate to ? why ?	which game of thrones character do you see yourself as ?	what is one movie from game ultimate strategy ?
what is the difference between chinese and america education ?	what is the difference between chinese education and america education ?	what is the difference between chinese education and america education ?
how green tea is useful for reducing fat ?	how does green tea burn belly fat ?	why is green tea associated with fat loss ?
what are the best phones under 15000 in india ?	which is best mobile under 15000 ?	which phone should i buy under 15000 ?
how should i follow my goals ?	how can i follow through to my goals ?	how should i be falling ? or go results ?
what is the best beginner coding language ?	which coding language is the best for beginners to start with ?	what is the best java language ?
why is india trying to sabotage cpec ?	what reasons does india have to worry about cpec ?	why india is against cpec ?
what are the best questions asked in interviews ?	what is the best question asked in an interview ?	what are the best questions to ask during interview ?
what are some of the most epic movie scenes ever ?	what are some of the most epic movie scenes ?	what are the most epic movie scenes ever made ?
what is the best way to get traffic on your website ?	how do i get more traffic for my site ?	what is the best way to drive traffic to a website ?
why is saltwater taffy candy imported in brazil ?	why is saltwater taffy candy imported in canada ?	why is saltwater taffy candy imported in south korea ?
how could start with open source development ?	how do i participate or contribute in open source projects ?	how do i start contributing for open source development ?
can you get pregnant 16 days after your period ?	can i get pregnant two days after my period ends ?	can you get pregnant a couple days before your period ?
what does an indian gdp of 6.5 percent mean ?	what does the gdp figure of 5.7 percent signal about the indian economy ?	what does india gdp worthwhile of all time ?
how can i increase traffic on my blog ?	how do i generate more traffic to my blog ?	how do i increase traffic on my site ?
what is the best scripting language to learn today ?	what is the best computer programming language to learn first ?	what is the best programming language one must learn to stay updated today ?
what is the difference between self esteem and ego ?	what are the differences between self esteem and ego ?	what is the difference between having an ego and having self esteem ?
what are some of the funniest jokes you have ever heard ?	what is the funniest joke you have ever heard or read ?	what the funniest highbrow joke you have ever heard ?
who would be better from indian perspective , trump or hillary ?	who would be better for india , donald trump or hillary clinton ?	if you swallowed donald trump , is it better than him or not ?
what are the differences between canada and america ?	what is the difference between canada and america ?	what is the difference between america and industry ?
is msg as bad as usually claimed ?	why is msg bad ?	why is msg milk so bad ?
why does the earth have blue sky ?	why is the sky blue on earth ?	why is the earth so big sky ?
how do i personal message on quora ?	can i send message on quora ?	how do i send another person a message on quora ?
should i buy a ps4 now ?	is it a good time to buy ps4 now ?	should i get a ps4 10th me ?
how do i know if i am beautiful ?	how can i know whether i m beautiful ?	how do you know if you are pretty ?
how do i to start a new business ?	how do i start my first business ?	how should i start up a new business ?
how do i get my old wechat account back ?	how do i find my old account in wechat ?	how do i get back my wechat account ?
how can i create a new yahoo id for yahoo messenger ?	how do you obtain a new id for yahoo messenger ?	how can we make our yahoo account at a reality ?
how do you treat asthma ?	how do we treat asthma ?	how do we treat asthma ?
is there any difference between nano sim and micro sim ?	what is difference in between a nano sim and a micro sim ?	what is the difference between a sim and a pardon candidate ?
how can i hack my friend facebook account ?	what is the easiest way to hack facebook account ?	how can i hack facebook ?
will modi win in 2019 ?	will narendra modi become the pm in 2019 ?	can narendra modi become prime minister of india in 2019 ?
how do i get started to create a new website ?	how do create a website ?	how do i create and start up a new website ?
which is the best programming language for a beginner to learn ?	what is the best programming / coding language to learn ?	what are good programming language ?
how do you recover your gmail account password ?	how do i recover my gmail password ?	how do i recover my gmail password ?
how do i download torrents ?	how do i download old torrent ?	how do i download any torrent ?
how different are you from your parents ?	how are you different from your parents ?	what are some of your parents from my parents ?
do you even use quora ?	do you use quora ?	do you like quora ?
why is youtube not playing on google chrome ?	why are some youtube videos not working in google chrome ?	why is youtube not playing youtube videos ?
does meditation helps reduce anger ? how ?	does meditation help to reduce anger ?	why do plants kiss when they kiss ?
why did quora change its font ?	why has the font of quora changed ?	why did quora change the fonts ?
what is the difference between travelling and tourism ?	what is the difference between travel and tourism ?	what is the difference between traveler and tourist ?
how much control can one have over one emotions ?	how do i control emotions . . like heart breaking emotions ?	how one can control impulsive emotions ?
what happens to sound in outer space ?	is there sound in space ?	what happens to sound on a space ?
what stops india to declare a war against pakistan ?	will india fight a war with pakistan ?	should india declare war against pakistan as they are spreading terrorism in india ?
who create quora ?	who are the founders of quora ?	who created quora ?
what are the easiest ways to make good money using the internet ?	what are the best ways to make money online ?	how could i make money online ?
how did donald trump get elected ?	how did trump get elected ?	how did donald trump win despite projections that he would fail ?
could time travel be a real thing ? could it be scientifically explained ?	could time travel be possible ?	is time travel theoretically possible ?
what are some things you dislike about your phone ?	what do you hate about phone ?	what is it like to hate your phone ?
what is the best poem that you have ever written ?	what is some of the best poetry you have written ?	what is the best poem or lines of poetry you have ever written ?
what is paris hilton personality ?	what is paris hilton like in person ?	what is paris your like ?
how can i get traffic on website ?	how do i build traffic to my website ?	how do i get more traffic to my site ?
which movie have you watched several times ?	what movie have you watched the most times ?	what are the movies that you have ever heard ?
what are the best executive education programs in india ?	which is the best executive education program in india ?	which is best company in india and why ?
what is highest internet speed in india ?	what is the maximum internet speed in india ?	what is the highest internet speed in india ?
why is hoopa from pokemon popular in thailand ?	why is pokemon hoopa popular in thailand ?	why is remove groups similar to anime in thailand ?
what are some good ways to wash my dog ?	what are some ways to wash a dog ?	how do you wash a dog ?
what do i need to start a youtube channel ?	how can i start my youtube channel ?	what do i need to start a youtube channel ?
how do i post blog on quora ?	how can i make an opinion blog on quora ?	how do you post blogs on quora ?
how can i get a complete list of all my gmail accounts ?	how can i find my all gmail accounts ?	how do i find all my gmail accounts ?
what are the sexiest things someone has said to you ?	what is the sexiest thing someone has said to you ?	what are the sexiest things someone has said to you ?
how do i write an essay in english effectively ?	how do i write an essay in english ?	how do i write an essay ?
does my boss like me romantically ?	does my boss secretly like me ?	does my boss romantically like me ?
why ca not i let go of my abusive girlfriend ?	why ca not i get over my abusive girlfriend ?	why ca not i ever ejaculate out if i fix it ?
which books and study material is best for neet and aiims ?	which refrence book is best for neet and aiims ?	which books should be science and for fiber in aiims ?
why are hf and hr called control parameters in amplifiers ?	why are hf and hr called control parameters ?	how does germany bulb treated ?
how do i recover my gmail email addresses ?	how do i recover deleted emails in my gmail account ?	how can i recover my old mail from a gmail account ?
where can i get best assistance in sydney for any property purchasing ?	where can i get knowledgeable assistance for transfer of property in sydney ?	where can i get best services in property transactions across the sydney ?
when will we achieve immortality ?	will we ever achieve immortality ?	is there any way to achieve immortality ?
what a narcissist ?	what is a narcissist ?	what is a narcissist ?
what are the pros of owning a ferret ? what are the cons ?	what are the advantages and disadvantages of owning a ferret ?	what are the pros and cons of owning a ferret ?
how do you remove fuzz from a sweater ?	what is the best way to remove lint from sweater ?	how do i remove a little hole from a reunion ?
what type of video is good for uploading in youtube ?	what formats can be used when uploading videos to youtube ?	which kind of made you believe in youtube ?
should the indian education system be revamped ?	does the indian education system need to change and why ?	should the indian education system be changed ?
how can be a good leader ?	how can you be a good leader ?	how can be a good leader ?
what are the best places to meet new people ?	where is the best place to meet new people ?	where can i meet people ?
what are your impressions of chongqing , china ?	what is your review of chongqing , china ?	what are your views on sidhu gifts for hd countries ?
what are some good inspirational movies ?	which are the most inspirational movies ?	which are the must watch inspirational hollywood movies ?
how can i earn money online ?	how can i start to make money online ?	what are the best ways to earn money from home ?
what are the best ways to apologise someone ?	how do i apologise to him ?	what is the best way to hide someone ?
how do i open petrol pump in india ? what the procedure ?	how do i open a petrol pump in india ?	should we pray in science degree ?
how do i start preparing for civil services ?	how can i start preparing for civil service examination ?	how do i prepare for civil service exam ?
what are some examples of application software ?	what are some examples of software ?	what is a computer software ? what are some examples ?
which is the best digital marketing course ?	will digital marketing a good course to learn ?	which is best digital marketing course ?
how do i lose weight ?	how do i actually lose weight ?	how do i lose 15 kilos ?
what can i do on python ?	what can i do / build with python ?	what i can do in python ?
what is the difference between a comet and an asteroid ?	what is the difference between asteroids and comets ?	what is difference between asteroid and comet ?
what should i do with this girl that i liked ?	what should i do about a girl i like ?	what should i do with a girl i like ?
what are some underrated horror movie suggestions ?	what are the most underrated horror movies ever ?	what are some of the most underrated horror movies ?
who is the most beautiful actress in hollywood ?	who are the five most beautiful actresses in hollywood movies ?	who is the most beautiful actress in hollywood ?
what your new year 2017 resolution to improve your daily life routine ?	what can be my new year resolution for 2017 ?	what are your 2017 resolutions for 2017 ?
how should i improve my english communication skills ?	how can i improve in english ?	how can i improve my spoken english ?
how can i make money as a 14 year old ?	how can i make money while iam just 14 years old ?	how do i make money by going to grow ?
how do i stop my dog from throwing up and shaking ?	how do i stop my dog from throwing up ?	how do i stop my chihuahua from biting my shoes ?
what are the biggest myths that liberals hold about conservatives ?	what major misconceptions do america liberals have about america conservatives ?	which is the best place why makes hell voice ?
is congress killed lal bahadur shatri ?	what is the reason of lal bahadur shastri death ?	who killed lal bahadur shatri ?
what are the bad qualities of ms dhoni ?	what are some bad qualities of ms dhoni ?	what is bad about islam ?
how do i start learning machine learning and data science using python ?	how can i start learning python language ?	how should i start learning python ?
fyers one vs nest trader : which is better ?	fyers one vs nest : which is better ?	which is better , bags or androgynous ?
what is life like in prison ?	what is it like to be in prison ?	what is prison life like ?
why are punjabis so proud of their punjabi - hood ?	why are punjabis so proud of being punjabi ?	what makes you feel proud for a punjabi ?
can sociopaths be scared of heights ?	can sociopaths be afraid of something like heights ?	are peanuts scared of swimming ?
what can children and young adults learn from their elders ?	how do children learn from america ?	what could young people learn from old all of the humans ?
should hamsters eat popcorn ?	can hamsters eat cheese ?	can hamsters eat grapes ?
is there a theoretical maximum limit to economic growth ?	are there limits to economic growth ?	will there be a theoretical platform of energy growth ?
how can i learn meditation ?	where can i start to learn meditation ?	how do i start learning meditation ?
how do you make easy money online ?	what is best way to make money online ?	how can i start to make money online ?
what is the best way to learn to play the guitar by myself ?	how do i play guitar musically ?	how can i learn to play the guitar by myself ?
what is the real meaning of ` jihad ?	what is meaning of jihad nowadays ?	what is true meaning of jihad ?
what is the synonym of ` synonym ?	what is the synonym of synonym ?	what is the difference between `` living and fallen ?
what it takes to be a successful entrepreneur ?	can anyone be an entrepreneur ? what does it take ?	what skills do i need to be a successful entrepreneur ?
what should i do to create an android app ?	how can i create android apps ?	how do i build an android app ?
`` how do i start learning passionate programming from `` zero abilities ?	where should i start learning to program ?	how do i start learning and practicing programming ?
how do i know the person name seated next to me in flight ?	how can find a person who traveled next seat in flight ?	how do i to know if i m a flight installation ?
what is the best way to compete with uber ?	how do i compete with uber ?	do you think simple food is safe ?
where can you get a tooth pulled for free ?	how can i get a free tooth pulling ?	where do you get a tooth pulled for free ?
what would donald trump replace obamacare with ?	what should donald trump propose as an alternative to obamacare ?	what would donald trump have going to have a records of a obamacare ?
how is lost luggage found ?	how is luggage lost ?	what is throwing your price of eligibility theory ?
is it possible to travel back or forward in time ?	will time travel be possible in the next 10 years ?	is time travel already possible on earth ?
which are some of the best freelancing sites ?	which is best site for freelancing ?	what is the best freelance page ?
how can i stop doing masturbation ?	how can we get rid of masturbation ?	how should i stop masturbating ?
is hypnotism real ?	is hypnotism real ? how does it work ?	does hypnotism really exist ?
how can i recover from failure ?	how can we recover from failure ?	how can we recover from failure ?
which country is the most underrated one in global tourism ?	which is the most underrated country as a travel destination ?	what are some underrated romance records ?
empathy : how can i stop being very much empathetic ?	how do i stop being an overly empathetic person ?	how can i stop being very much empathetic ?
can donald trump win ?	can donald trump win this tuesday ?	could trump win ?
is communication an art or a science ? discuss	is communication an art or a science ?	is a science communication or a science ?
which is the best book for data science using r ?	what is the best book for data science using r ?	which is the best book for data science online using r ?
how can i clear my acne ?	how can i get rid of my acne ?	is there any treatment for acne ?
is killing mosquitoes ethically wrong ?	is it ethically and morally wrong to kill mosquitoes and insects ?	why is the penis not intervening on the risk of your life ?
what would you suggest me ?	what are your suggestions for me ?	what do you think we would take me ?
is time travel possible through cosmic strings ?	it is possible to travel by time ?	is it possible to travel time with real life ?
why did south vietnam lose ?	what happened in the vietnam war and how did south vietnam lose ?	why did south vietnam lose the vietnamese war ?
why does china hate india ?	why china hates india ?	why does china hate india ?
in what order should i watch the whole gundam franchise ?	what order do i watch all of the gundam animes ?	which order should i watch quantitative dark ?
`` how do you learn to say `` no to people ?	how do you say no to people ?	`` how do you learn to say `` no to people ?
what are some visible signs of pregnancy ?	what are some tell tale signs of pregnancy ?	what is the fastest and purpose of pregnancy ?
how can i recover deleted personal messages from instagram ?	how can i get deleted messages from instagram ?	how do i recover deleted messages on my instagram account ?
where can i watch episodes of dragon ball super ?	where can i watch dragon ball super online with english subtitles ?	where can i watch episodes of dragon ball super ?
how can i earn money easily for part time job ?	how can i earn money from a part time job ?	which is the best way to earn money by doing part time job ?
which is the best keypad phone ?	which is the best keypad mobile ?	what is the best sociopaths phone ?
what its like to love someone you can never be with ?	what does it feel like to love someone you ca not be with ?	what is something that i love you never do ?
which is the best international school in bangalore ?	which are the good international schools in bangalore ?	what are some good international school activities ?
how do i gain some healthy weight ?	what is the best weight gain treatment for gaining weight ?	what are the healthy ways of gaining weight and muscles ?
is artificial intelligent is related to mechatronics ?	is artificial intelligence related to mechatronics ?	why do people find artificial intelligence out of kerala ?
how do i get smooth legs ?	how does one get smooth legs ?	how do i have a clothing legs ?
how can we have fellowship with god ?	how can i have fellowship with god ?	how can i have poop with something ?
is it possible to get pregnant before period or after period ends ?	can you get pregnant 16 days after your period ?	can you get pregnant eight days before your period ?
what will happen to america if donald trump wins the election ?	what will happen if donald trump gets elected ?	if donald trump wins presidential election , what will happen ?
why has the modi government banned the 500 and 1000 rupee notes ?	why did goi demobilise 500 and 1000 rupee notes ?	why modi supports 500 and 1000 notes in india ?
how do i become a good teacher / tutor ?	how do you become a good teacher ?	how i become a good teacher ?
how can i stop temptation to watch porn ?	how do i stop addiction to porn ?	how shall i stop watching porn ?
i have forgotten my facebook password and email password also ?	how do i recover my facebook email and password ?	i forgot my facebook email and password . can
can i retrieve deleted messages on instagram ?	how can i get deleted messages from instagram ?	how do i retrieve a deleted instagram id ?
how do i learn to write grammatically correct english ?	how can i learn to write grammatically correct english ?	how can i write correct english ?
what should i do open software company ?	how can i open a software company ?	what should be open software software services ?
do you often like to sing ?	do you like to sing ? why or why not ?	do you consider too to sing whats ?
how do i get rid of depression ?	how can we get rid of depression ?	how do i deal with depression ?
where can i get best fire protection services in sydney ?	where can i get emergency fire protection service in sydney ?	where can i get affordable fire protection services in sydney ?
will time travel be possible in the next 10 years ?	will time travel be possible in future ?	is time travel still theorized as being possible ?
what is the physical significance of the magnetic quantum number , m ?	what does the magnetic quantum number describe and which values can it have ?	what is the meaning of the magnetic quantum number ?
which is the best book for python beginners to advance ?	what is a low cost book for learning python for absolute beginners ?	which is the best book for learning python three ?
what are the most relaxing songs you have ever heard ?	what is the best soothing song you have ever heard ?	what are the most soothing songs that you have ever heard ?
is it wise decision to tell about my adhd to my parents ?	is it okay to tell my parents about my adhd ?	is it safe to tell your being viewed to living on my mother ?
what are ways to make money online at home ?	how can i earn money online easily ?	how can one make money online ?
name your best movie you have seen ?	what is the best movie you have ever seen ?	what is the best movie you have ever seen ?
how can i log in facebook without password ?	how can i log in to facebook if i forgot my email ?	how do i recover my facebook email and password ?
what is your favorite sports ?	what is your favorite sport and why do you like it so much ?	what your favorite sports ?
where can i get best legal support for property transaction in sydney ?	where can i hire experienced professional for any property transaction in sydney ?	where can i get best property transaction support in sydney ?
which operating system computer programmers and hackers like the most ?	what is the most common operating system that programmers used ?	what are the common defines like python thailand ?
can i see who has viewed my twitter account ?	can i view who looked at my twitter account ?	is there a way to see who viewed my twitter profile ?
how do i find the quora desk top mode on my pc ?	how do i use quora in desk top mode ?	how do you start the poor football on a pc ?
which is the best phone under 15000 ?	which is the best phone below 15000 ?	which is best mobile under 15000 ?
are there call girls in hyderabad ?	where do i find call girls in hyderabad ?	are the call where not named in hyderabad ?
which is the best book on the kashmir issue ?	what are the best books on kashmir problem ?	what is the best object / book of bollywood ?
how do i increase my height after 16 ?	how can i increase my height after 18 years of age ?	how do i increase the height ?
how can i prepare for cat 2017 ?	how do i prepare for cat 2017 from august ?	what should be strategy for cat 2017 ?
how do i watch english movies online with subtitles ?	in which sites i can watch hollywood movies for free with english subtitles ?	what is the best way to watch english online with uber / movies ?
what is the most important thing you have done this year ?	what was the best thing that you did this year ?	what is the most important thing you have done this year ?
who is the most successful indian olympian of all time ?	who is the most successful indian olympians ?	who are the successful indian invest pokemon ?
what are some ways to find out how much i owe the irs ?	how can i find out how much i owe the irs ?	how can i invest in a bully ?
what was the best day of your life ? what happened ?	what was the best day of your life so far ?	what was the best day of your life ?
how do you always stay inspired and energized ?	how do i always stay motivated and energized ?	what is the best way to stay inspired and friends ?
how can i get rid of pimples all over my face ?	what should i do to remove pimples from face ?	how can i get rid from my acnes ?
i want to do suicide ? tell me the painless method for that .	what is the most painless way to do a suicide ?	what is the most effective way to suicide ?
what are the highest paying jobs for business major ?	what are some of the best paying jobs for business majors ?	what is the highest paying jobs in business excel ?
what are the best exercises to burn belly fat ?	what is the best way to reduce abdominal fat ?	whats the best exercises to burn belly fat ?
how important is sex in a successful relationship ?	is sex necessary in a relationship ?	is sex is required in relationship ?
what are the best ways to lose weight fast ?	what is the best and quick way to lose weight ?	how can i lose weight quickly ?
could you please give some weight loss advice for me and my husband ?	can anybody give me any advice on losing weight safely ?	can you give me some advice on losing weight ?
which are the 10 best hollywood movies ?	what are must watch hollywood movies ?	which is best hollywood movie ever ? why ?
which newton laws of motion are valid on projectile motion ?	which newton laws are applied on projectile motion ?	can we apply online laws in electrical universe ?
what are the benefits of being a world finalist in acm - icpc ?	what are the benefits of being an acm - icpc world finalist ?	what are the benefits of world performance in 2015 ?
can you get pregnant five days before ovulation ? why or why not ?	can i get pregnant five days before ovulation ? why or why not ?	can you get pregnant a couple days before your period ?
what is the fastest way to find my account number of chase ?	how can i find my account number of chase ?	how do i find my account number on getting of a treat ?
is it better to develop a logo in photoshop or illustrator ?	why is illustrator better than photoshop for logo design ?	is it a good logo like given an logo ?
how do i quickly level up in pokémon go ?	what do i need know about pokémon go to level up fast ?	how can i be serials ?
is there such a thing as a fear of looking at certain landscapes ?	is there a name for a fear of looking at certain landscapes ?	is there any up inspired for 18 ?
how would you describe today parental mindsets and mannerisms ?	how would you describe today parents ?	how would you describe today parents ?
what the worst thing that ever happens to you for being nice ?	what is the worst thing that happened to you because you were nice ?	what is the worst thing that happened to you for being nice ?
what steps should i follow to learn machine learning ?	how do i start learning machine learning ?	how should i go about learning machine learning ?
what is the easiest way to earn money using internet ?	how can i earn money online easily ?	what is best way to make money online ?
what are the things you want to do before you die ?	what is the one thing that you want to do before you die ?	what do you want to accomplish before you die ?
what is a meaning of life ?	what is the purpose of life ?	what are the meaning of this life ?
how does bundle and stranded conductor reduce corona loss ?	how does stranded and bundled conductor reduce corona loss ?	what does intelligent and physical compounds believe in a.n.t.h.e ?
is donald trump a closet libertarian or democrat ?	is donald trump an undercover democrat ?	is it possible that donald trump is in cahoots with hillary clinton ?
how do you handle people who are repeatedly late to appointments with you ?	how do i handle people who are always late ?	how do you handle someone - shorter after you ?
how do i become fluent in french ?	how can i become fluent in french ?	how can i become a emotional ?
which service is the best for online cake delivery in hyderabad ?	who is best for online cake delivery in hyderabad ?	how can i consult a order cake in hyderabad ?
what was your life changing experience ?	what is your most life - changing experience ?	what is your biggest life - changing experience ?
why are relationships so hurtful ?	why do relationships hurt so much ?	why are relationships so biological ?
where can i watch dragon ball super episodes ?	where can i watch dragon ball super episode 46 with english subtitles ?	where can i watch episodes of dragon ball super ?
how are proteins produced ?	how and where are proteins produced ?	how are the proteins constructed ?
the question was marked as needing improvement . just now ?	do people see questions that are marked as needing improvement ?	why my question is marked as needing improvements ?
how were naruto shippuden story arcs built differently than dragon ball ?	how were naruto shippuden story arcs built differently than dragon ball super ?	where were who were actors stories from no movie ?
what are some aspects of culture ?	what are the aspects of culture ?	what are the different languages of culture ?
how do i add or change my quora profile picture ?	how can i change my quora profile photo ?	how do i change profile picture in quora ?
what is the best sex position to satisfy a woman ?	what is the best sex position to satisfy women ?	what the best sex position for women ?
which is the best tv series out of 2016 ?	which are the top five tv series of 2016 ?	which tv show is best ever ?
which is the best coaching institute for the ies exam ?	which is the best coaching center for ies ?	which is the best coaching institute for ias preparation ?
what can hamsters eat besides hamster food ?	can hamsters eat grapes ?	can hamsters eat carrot ? why or why not ?
why do not south indians use surnames ?	why do many south indians not have surnames ?	why ca not south indians use earth after his future ?
how do i get rid of a week pregnancy ?	how do i get rid of an unwanted pregnancy ?	should i get a week pregnant ?
height : how would a 14 year old increase his height ?	can skipping increase my height ?	how could i increase my height ?
where is the best place to start a career as a data scientist ?	which is the best city to start your career as a data scientist ?	where can i start a career as a data scientist ?
who stole the cookie from the cookie jar ?	who stole the cookies from the cookie jar ?	who has the violent pc , what makes this video training ?
what is a scrum master ?	what are the roles and responsibilities of a scrum master ?	what is a deep price ?
what is the difference between the bjp and the nda ?	is there any difference between nda and bjp ?	what are the differences between the white and the fridge ?
what is your favorite game and why ?	what is your favorite game ?	what are your favorite programming languages ?
what are the best mobile phones technology gadgets ?	which are the best and the most useful smart phone gadgets ?	what are some mind blowing phones gadgets ?
how could i be fluent in english ?	i want to improve my english ?	how do i speak fluent english ?
how can i earn extra money during my free time ?	how do i earn money in my free time ?	how can i earn money on running ?   quickly ?
how do you know if someone is lying to you ?	how do i know that a person is lying to me ?	how do i know that a person is lying to me ?
what advice would you give to a person that has debilitating social anxiety ?	how do i deal with my social anxiety ?	what are some effective ways to stop social anxiety ?
how do i enter the event management field ?	what do i do to enter the line of event management ?	how do i enter a german ace ?
what can i build with java ?	what can you build with java ?	what is the easiest way to build java ?
why do not i like to talk with people ?	why do i not like talking to many people ?	why do i not like to talk to people ?
how can i overcome my fear of public speaking ?	should i overcome my fear of public speaking ?	how do i get over my fear of public speaking ?
how do i self prepare for the jee advanced ?	how should i prepare for jee - lrb - advanced - rrb - ?	how can i prepare for the jee advanced ?
what are some preparation tips for the ibps po exam within four months ?	can i crack ibps po exam in just three months ?	how should i prepare for ibps po exam in 2017 ?
what the opposite of a heart ?	what is the opposite of a heart ?	what the opposite of a heart ?
how can i improve my social life ?	how can a shy person improve his social life ?	how do i fix my social life ?
how one can control impulsive emotions ?	how do i control emotions . . like heart breaking emotions ?	how do i control anger and impulsive emotions ?
how can i make money from youtube ?	what are some ways to make money from youtube ?	how do i make money through youtube ?
how do you like china ?	do you like china ? and why ?	do you like china ?
do girls love sex ?	do female enjoy sex ?	do women like sex ?
are there any verified angel investors on quora ?	which angel investors are on quora ?	which startup investors are on quora ?
how do i market my android application ?	what are the best ways to market an android app ?	where can i market my android app ?
will i grow taller at 15 ?	how can i grow taller at the age of 15 ?	will i grow any taller at 15 ?
what is the difference between dual core and quad core processors ?	what is the difference between a dual core and a quad core processor ?	what is the difference between a piston and plunge paint ?
how can i find my hidden talents ?	how can i find hidden talent inside me ?	how can you find your inner talents ?
does pakistan practice caste system like india ?	does caste system prevalent in pakistan ?	does any indian society need to be replaced from india ?
where should i stay in goa ?	where is the best place to stay in goa ?	what are the best hotels to stay in goa ?
which is the well developed city in india ?	which is the most developed city in india ?	which are the best places in india to visit ?
what are the best liquor shots ?	what are the best liquors for shots ?	what are some best new books on `` some spoken year ?
how can i overcome my porn addiction ?	what ` s the best way to get rid of porn addiction ?	how do i self rehab from masturbation and porn addiction ?
what is the requirement to install kali linux 32 bit in pc ?	how can i install kali linux on my windows xp pc ?	how can i install kali linux in windows xp ?
what are the best novels ever ?	what is the best novel of all time ?	what are the best novels and why it is so ?
how do i decorate an eighties bedroom ?	how do i decorate an 80 bedroom ?	how do i decorate a flying bedroom ?
how do crop circles form ?	where and how do the crop circles get generated ?	why did crop circles start appearing ?
what are some examples of fruits and vegetables can bearded dragons eat ?	what are the recommended fruits and vegetables for a bearded dragon to eat ?	what are some examples of fruits for a bearded dragon ?
what is / are your new year resolutions for 2017 ?	what will be your new year resolution for 2017 ?	what is your new year resolution for 2017 ?
how do i start with android development ?	how can i start to learn android ?	how do i create an android application ?
how can i discover someone lie ?	how can you tell if someone lying ?	how do i discover someone a sign ?
what products should i use to get rid of acne quickly ?	how do i get rid of scalp acne ?	how do i get rid of acne and acne causes ?
why is the sky blue color ?	whey is the sky blue ?	why is the sky blue on earth ?
how do i stop my dog from humping my furniture ?	how do you stop your boxer / pitbull mix from humping your furniture ?	how do i stop my labrador / pug mix from humping my pillows ?
why wo not hillary clinton hold a press conference ?	why has not hillary clinton given a press conference since december 2015 ?	is hillary clinton secretly paying right gap ?
can a woman get pregnant three days into her cycle ?	can you get pregnant eight days before your period ?	can a woman get pregnant three days into her cycle ?
how is the trembling in muscles controlled ?	how is the trembling of muscles controlled ?	how does the veto major form ?
how can i start writing my own blogs ?	how can we start our own blogs ?	how can i start writing blog ?
why are stromatolites so important ?	why are stromatolites important ?	why are they so addicted to their other place ?
what is an operating system in pc ?	what is an operating system ?	what is operating system in windows ?
what good song for a best friend lyric prank ?	what are some good lyric prank songs to send your best friends ?	what is a good song to lyric prank your best friend ?
how do i lose weight ?	how do i suck it up and lose weight ?	how do i lose 15 kilos ?
how has quora impacted your life ?	how has quora brought changes in your day to day life ?	how did quora change your life ?
how do i build a great body ?	what are the best ways to build a great body ?	how can i build artistic ?
how can one reduce face fat ?	how can i lose my face fat ?	what are some effective ways to reduce face fat ?
can some one help me with a daily routine for cat 2016 ?	can someone provide me with the study plan for cat 2016 ?	can i name my cat after my cat 2016 ?
should prostitution be legal and if so how should it be regulated ?	should prostitution be legal ?	should prostitution be decriminalized ?
how do i root an android device ?	how can i root my android 5.1 device ?	how can i root my android device ?
what was the universe before big bang ?	before the big bang was it in complete darkness ?	what was there before the universe ?
how can you tell if a woman has had an orgasm ?	how can you tell a woman had an orgasm ?	how do you tell if a woman had an orgasm ?
who is the real famous astrologer ?	who is the super master astrologer ?	who is famous astrologer ?
what is the advantage of being in the indian forest service ?	what is the advantage of becoming an indian forest service officer ?	what does being efficient and advantage into indian forest ?
what are some amazing facts about hollywood ?	what are some interesting facts about hollywood ?	what are the most amazing facts about hollywood management ?
what is the ideal plastic fluid ?	what is an ideal plastic fluid ?	what is the bml committed fluid ?
in which form will world war three take ?	how would world war 3 play out ?	how will world war three be like ?
how does one get england - citizenship ?	how do i get england citizenship ?	how does the new england cost ?
what is the real life application of line integral ?	what is the application of integration in real life ?	what is the real life application call about line the internet ?
which affiliate programs allow trademark bidding ?	which affiliate programs allow trademark plus bidding ?	what is the best affiliate show to call a restaurant ?
what is that one decision that changed your life forever ?	what the decision that changed your whole life ?	what is one decision that changed your life forever ?
what would be the impact of gst in india ?	what are some benefits of the gst bill ?	what is the benefits of gst bill ?
what are the things that make indians happy and proud ?	what are the things that make indians happy ?	what are things that make indians happy ?
what are spiritual values ? what are some examples ?	what are examples of spiritual values ?	what are the spiritual values of the spiritual areas ?
how can writers get the motivation to write ?	writers , how do you get the motivation to write ?	how can i manage my motivation to write ?
what are signs of low blood sugar ?	what are the symptoms of low blood sugar ?	what are the symptoms for having low blood sugar ?
is pre marital sex a sin ?	is pre - marital sex a sin ?	is pre marital sex a sin ?
i want to learn drawing . where should i start ?	i want to learn drawing , what should i start doing ?	i want to learn , where can i start it ?
why are people selfish ?	what makes people selfish ?	why are people so selfish ?
what are the best countries to teach english abroad ?	what countries are best for teaching english abroad ?	which countries are best to teach english abroad ?
what are the hollywood movies that are a must watch ?	what are some of the best hollywood movies to watch ?	which is best hollywood movie ?
are the new 2016 macbook pros worth the upgrade ?	is the macbook pro 2016 overpriced ?	are the new apple macbook pros really worth their price ?
where is armenia ?	what is armenia ?	what is story of the moment ?
is anything truly anonymous ?	is anonymous 100 percent anonymous ?	is anonymous really anonymous ?
what is the best way to educate myself very well to financial investment ?	how do i educate myself with financial investing ?	how can i series my financial investment ?
should i worry about what people think about me ?	why do i care so much about what other people think of me ?	should i ever care what people think of me ?
i dont know how to talk to people ?	how can i learn how to talk to people ?	how do i learn to talk to people ?
how plasma screen work to display graphics ?	how does a plasma screen work ?	how plasma monitor work ?
how can i motivate myself to study something i do not like ?	how do i motivate myself to study the subjects i do not like ?	how do i motivate myself to study subjects i do not like ?
how do i become more creative ?	how you become more creative ?	how can i creative ?
what are some of the things that make you angry ?	what is it that makes you angry ?	what makes one angry ?
what are the best free plagarism websites ?	what are the best free plagarism sites ?	what are the best free plagarism tools ?
what qualities and qualifications are required to be a ceo ?	what qualities and qualifications are required to be a future ceo ?	what a good quality for the ceo to become a ceo ?
what is new zealand like ?	what is it like living in new zealand ?	what do wrong people like to settle in india ?
how many root words are there in the english language ?	how many root words are there in english language ?	how many calories do we know about them in a english language ?
why do you believe in ufos and aliens ?	do you believe in ufo and aliens ?	why do you believe in aliens and why ?
what your most embarrassing moment in front of the whole class ?	what is your most embarrassing moment in front of the whole class ?	what is the embarrassing thing you have done in front of your life ?
how do you think a world war 3 would play out ?	how would world war 3 play out ?	what will a third world war look like ?
what are some great examples of content marketing ?	what is the best example of content marketing ?	what are some great examples of content marketing ?
how can i join indian air force or indian navy after completing engineering ?	how can i join indian armed forces ?	how to join indian army , after engineering ?
who is currently winning the presidential election ?	between trump and clinton who will win america presidential election ?	who is going to win the 2016 america presidential election ? why ?
what are some tv shows similar to black mirror ?	`` could you reccomend a tv series that similar to `` black mirror ?	what are some tv shows like black mirror ?
what is the best demat account service provider in india for beginner ?	what is the best demat account service provider in india ?	what is best propose for cheating in india ?
how should i loose weight ?	how do i actually lose weight ?	how do i suck it up and lose weight ?
what your biggest regret ?	what is the biggest regret ?	what your biggest regret that you visit ?
what are some of the amazing instagram bios ?	what are some of the most amazing instagram bios ?	which movie provides the best read in history ?
how can i gain weight on my body ?	how can i gain weight but also eat healthy ?	how do i gain weight fast but still be healthy ?
what field of engineering pays the highest ?	which field of engineering gives the highest salary ?	what is the science policy that and engineers having the price of the united states ?
what the difference between front end and back end programming ?	what is the difference between backend and frontend development ?	what is the difference between front end and back end website development ?
is kinetic energy conserved in a collision ? if so , how ?	are there collisions where kinetic energy is not conserved ?	why is kinetic energy considered a force ?
`` who or what is `` quora user ?	`` why are some users on quora called `` quora user ?	`` who are `` quora users ?
what is the best way of studying ?	how can i improve my studying ?	what should i do to study well ?
how is everyone earning millions from home by just using uber app ?	how are my friends earning millions from home just by using uber app ?	how are people making billions from home using simple uber app hack ?
why are clear , correct and legitimate questions marked as needing improvement ?	why does quora mark most of the questions as needing improvement ?	why is my question repeatedly marked as needing improvement ?
why is it important for you to be married ?	why is it important to marry ?	why is it important for anything to get married ?
why did trump win the election ?	how did donald trump win the presidential election ?	how is donald trump winning ?
how can i push myself out of my comfort zone ?	how do i break out of my comfort zone ?	how exactly do i get rid of this comfort zone ?
what happens when magnesium oxide is added to nitric acid ?	how does magnesium oxide react with nitric acid ?	what happens when magnesium oxide caused by leonardo years ?
what are some ways to avoid addiction ?	how do i avoid addictions ?	how do i quit addiction ?
why did the chicken really cross the road ?	why did the chicken crossed the road ?	what did chicken does the financial reduce have ?
what is the solution for quora marking your every question as needing improvement ?	what should i do when someone marks my question as needing improvement ?	why does quora mark my questions as needing improvement ?
what is the best music album of all time ?	what is the best album ever ?	which is the best album of all time ?
what is the best way or website to learn ansys ?	whats the best website in which i can take up my ansys course ?	which is the best website to learn ansys workbench ?
what is the most crucial lessons life has taught you ?	what has your life taught you so far ?	what is the best lesson that life has taught you ?
how do i play . mov files on a pc ?	how do you watch mov files on pc ?	can you play in a force files on a pc ?
how could i improve my english pronunciation ?	how can i improve fluency in english ?	how do i improve my overall native english language ?
how do i build a self confidence ?	what are some suggestions on how to improve my self confidence ?	how do you raise self self esteem ?
who is ramana maharishi ?	what is your review of ramana maharshi ?	who is ramana maharshi ?
how do i prepare for the 10th class icse board ?	how can i prepare for class 10th board examinations icse ?	how can one prepare for the icse 10th board examination ?
what are the best ways of saving water ?	how can we save water ?	what is the best way to save water ?
how do you see all previous deleted posts on instagram ?	can you see deleted instagram posts ?	is there a way to see a deleted shot on instagram ?
what are some interesting facts that i should know ?	what is an interesting fact that you know , and i should know ?	what is the best fact that i should know ?
why have human beings evolved more than any other beings on earth ?	what technicality results in humans being more intelligent than other animals ?	what makes a man romantic through earth ?
what is the best time management tip that you have learned so far ?	what is the best time management tip you have learned so far ?	which is the best time to have in the internet ?
how can i make money online quickly and easily ?	what is best way to make money online ?	how can i earn money online from home only ?
is drinking one own pee good for health ?	are there any health benefits to drinking one own urine ?	what are benefits of drinking ones own urine ?
is having sex before marriage right ?	is it right to having sex before marriage ?	is it okay to have sex before marriage ?
what is the cost of owning a ferret ?	what are some costs of owning a ferret ?	what is the cost of owning a ferret ?
when will india be developed nation ?	when will india be identified as a developed nation ?	can india be primary how many years will india ?
what is voltage regulation ?	what is the need of voltage regulation ?	what do you mean by voltage regulation ?
what is a supply chain ?	what is the supply chain ?	what is the supply chain crisis ?
is it possible to know who viewed your profile on whatsapp ?	can i see who viewed my profile on whatsapp ?	is it possible to know if someone saw my whatsapp profile ?
how do i log out in quora ?	how do i log out on quora ?	how do i sign out of quora ?
what should i do to be an a astronaut ?	what does it actually take to become an astronaut ?	how does someone become a astronaut ?
what would you do if you had dollar 100 million dollar ?	what can you do / build with 100 million dollar ?	if you had an 100 million dollar , what should i do ?
what are the best ways to attract investors to your business or idea ?	how can i invite investors to invest money for my idea ?	how do i convince investors for my startup idea ?
are hindi and urdu essentially same languages ?	is hindi and urdu same language ?	are far left or proof that and if you declare a war ?
why muslims believes that it is okay to beat their wife ?	why do muslims believes that it is okay to beat their wife ?	why muslims do i want to win my wife to overcome it ?
how can i learn to speak english well in non - english environment ?	how can i learn to speak english well in a non english environment ?	how can i improve my spoken english upgrade ?
how difficult is the selection procedure of continental automotives for an ece fresher ?	how difficult is the selection procedure of continental automotives for a ece fresher ?	how difficult is it may to set up earlier through a ece ?
how can we think out of the box ?	how do i think out of the box ?	how can i think and elections ?
where can i meet brits in the toronto area ?	where can i meet brit , irish and aussies in the toronto area ?	where can i england america independence ?
how do i lose stubborn belly fat ?	how do you lose belly fat ?	how do i get rid of belly fat and thigh fat ?
how is india fighting corruption by scrapping 500 and 1000 rupee notes ?	how will demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes stop corruption ?	will the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee notes really work against corruption in india ?
what are the career option after graduation in electrical engineer ?	what are the career options after electrical engineering excluding joining the mncs ?	what are career options after b.tech in electrical engineering ?
what is the chance that trump will become president ?	could donald trump be president ?	is donald trump going to be the next america president ?
what are the best washing machine repair center in hyderabad ?	which is the best washing machine repair center in hyderabad ?	where is the best washing machine repair center in hyderabad ?
what is the easiest way to earn money from online ?	how can i earn money online , seriously ?	how do you earn money from internet ?
why does india feel insecure with cpec ?	why does india oppose cpec ?	why is india so scared of cpec ?
how do you ask a good question ?	how can i ask a good question on quora ?	how can i ask my good big question ?
what are military coups ?	what is a military coup ?	what is military version in life ?
what are the must read novels before you die ?	what are the novels that one must read in their life span ?	what are the must read novels before you die ?
what are the different ways to build websites ?	what are the different ways of developing great websites ?	what are the different ways to build a homemade website ?
what is the best business idea with surefire profits and less investment ?	what are some new business ideas with lesser investment ?	what are some best business ideas with minimum investment ?
out of green apples and red , which is better for you nutritionally ?	what are the differences between green apples and red apples ?	why is green tea better than red ?
are there symptoms of sleep deprivation ?	what are symptoms of sleep deprivation ?	are we getting of sleep deprivation ?
how can i improve at chess ?	what is the best way to improve at chess ?	what are some ways to improve chess ?
can anything exist without time ?	can something exist without time ?	can we really exist without we here here time ?
how could i get rid of facebook addiction ?	what are the best ways to get rid of an addiction ?	how do you get rid of a addiction ?
how do i have sex with my aunt ?	how do i get my auntie to have sex with me ?	how can i get sex with my standard league ?
is a jd / mba worth it ?	is a jd / mba a good idea ?	is it worth it to be legalized ?
does trump treat his employees kindly ?	does donald trump treat his employees well ?	does a trump sign your own day to grow education ?
adam d angelo : which tank is the best in world of tanks ?	what is the best tank in wot ?	what is the best tank in world of tanks ?
how do you fix the volume on a tv ?	how do you set the volume in the tv ?	how do i fix the volume ?
is there any way to punch harder and faster ?	what are some tips for punching harder and faster ?	how can i learn to punch faster ?
how do i reset gmail account password ?	how can i change my gmail password ?	how do i reset a gmail password ?
how is donald trump a better choice than hillary clinton ?	who is better , trump or clinton ?	why would hillary clinton be a better president than donald trump ?
what is the best way make extra money ?	what the best way to make fast cash ?	what are some interesting ways to make money ?
what is the best way to manage hypertension without using drugs ?	what are the way to control your hypertension without medications ?	which is the best way to manage work without having drugs ?
what are the best street foods in delhi ?	what is the best street food in delhi ?	what are the best street food in delhi ?
is the ghd gold straightener better than the classic ghd ?	is the ghd gold straightener better than the classic ?	is the living after 100 period 10 potter ?
can we create artificial gravity ?	what are some methods of generating artificial gravity ?	can we create the object for object - force ?
how do i ask a girl out for a date ?	what are some ways to ask a girl on a date ?	how should i ask this girl out ?
what are some of the weirdest dreams you have ever had ?	what the most unusual dream you have ever had ?	what is the weirdest dream you have had ?
which crimes should require a death penalty ?	what are some crimes that result in the death penalty ?	could we create generator of our death ?
which is the best book for beginners to learn python ?	which is the best book for learning python language for beginners ?	what is the best beginner book on python ?
what the difference between cd and dvd ?	what is the major difference between a cd and a dvd ?	what is difference between cd and dvd ?
what is the difference between concave and convex mirrors ?	how do concave and convex mirrors differ ?	what is the difference between ordinary and treaty ?
what is the best way to get traffic on your website ?	how can i drive more traffic to my website ?	what is the best way to drive traffic to a website ?
does absence make the heart grow fonder ?	does absence really make the heart grow fonder ?	does having your heart grow faster ?
why is hillary clinton worse than donald trump ?	why would hillary clinton be a better president than donald trump ?	who will be a better president donald trump or hillary clinton ?
what is your biggest accomplishment in life ?	what was your biggest accomplishment ?	what are your biggest accomplishments in life ?
what can i do to improve my english speaking ?	how can l improve my english ？ ?	how can we improve our english language skills ?
how do i get addmision in mit ?	how can i join mit ?	what do i need to do to get into mit ?
why is donald trump not racist ?	is there any proof donald trump is racist ?	why do some people call donald trump racist ?
which architecture is most secure ?	which architecture is more secure ?	what are other architecture applications ?
what are the reactions on neet two ?	how was the neet two paper ?	what are the reactions on neet two ?
how can i track someone using their phone number ?	can someone track our location using our phone number ?	can someone track your location because of your cellphone or cell number ?
what the strangest combination of foods you have ever witnessed ?	what is the strangest combination of two foods you have ever eaten ?	what are the strangest and strangest experience you have the strangest experience you have ever had ?
what world leaders speak the most languages ?	who is the most multilingual world leader ?	how do the world leaders is the most important ?
why india still known as a developing country ?	why is india still under developed country ?	why ia india still considered as a developing country ?
how do i start from the scraps in an online business ?	how does one start an online business ?	how do i build an online business ?
which is your favourite tv serial ?	what your favourite tvprogram ?	what is you favorite tv program ?
how is alchemist for cat coaching ?	how good is alchemist cat coaching ?	how good is alchemist cat coaching ?
how has being on quora changed you ?	how does quora change you ?	has quora changed your life ?
why did apple discontinue iweb ?	what happened to apple iweb ?	what is the reason behind apple suddenly feel alive ?
what is the ultimate benefit of practicing competitive programming ?	how can one benefit from skills gained in competitive programming ?	what is the purpose of flipkart competitive ?
what is it that boys think attractive ?	what do young teenage boys find attractive ?	does male matter / women live ?
why is ginger ale good for diarrhea ?	how good is ginger ale for diarrhea ?	how does ginger ale help with diarrhea ?
why cyrus mistry has been removed from tata group ?	why tata sons replaced cyrus mistry to ratan tata ?	why was cyrus mistry removed from the chairmanship of tata sons ?
who is the biggest world famous child astrologer ?	who is the world famous child astrologer ?	who is the world famous astrologer ?
do girls like nerdy - looking boys ?	do girls like nerdy boys ?	do girls like nerds ?
what is best computer language ?	what is the best computer programming language to learn first ?	what is a good first programming language ?
can you hide friends from you facebook friend list ?	how do you hide friends on facebook ?	how do i hide my friend list on facebook ?
why indians love quora ?	why are there a lot of indians on quora ?	why should indians love quora ?
how do i buy a bitcoin ?	how and where can one buy bitcoins ?	how should i buy bitcoins ?
why did tata sons removed / sacked cyrus mistry as the chairman ?	why cyrus mistry has been replaced by ratan tata ?	why has the tata sons board voted to remove cyrus mistry as chairman ?
is the practice manual of isca sufficient for ca final exam ?	is practice manual of isca sufficient for ca final exam in nov 2016 ?	what is the syllabus for final - final year performance in ca exams ?
can i locate someones phone without them knowing or having apps ?	what is the easiest way to spy on someones phone without them knowing ?	how can i locate a cell phone location ?
how can i become a research assistant ?	how do i excel as a research assistant ?	how do i work a research assistant ?
what are your views on sushma swaraj address in unga 2016 ?	what your take on sushma swaraj unga speech ?	what your view on motor in america ?
what should i do get over a girl ?	how do i get over a girl i can not be with ?	what is the best way to get over a girl ?
why did the big bang occur ?	big bang : why the big bang occurred ?	why did the big bang occur ?
should i just quit my job ?	should i quit my job or not ?	should i quit my job ?
how do i reset a new gmail password ?	how do i change my gmail password ?	how do i reset a gmail password ?
how one can commit sucide ?	how can one commit sucide ?	what is the best way to respond to a honeymoon ?
what is your millionaire story ?	what your millionaire story ?	what your definition of your life story ?
who are angel investors ?	how do i find angel investors ?	where can i find angel investor for my website ?
how do i lose body fat quickly ?	how can someone lose weight quickly ?	how can i lose weight quickly ?  caused ?
how can i get fluency in english speaking ?	what can i do to improve my english speaking ?	how can i speak english like natives ?
how can i become a pornstar ?	how do i become a porn star ?	how can one become a pornstar ?
what do people in other countries think of america ?	what do people think of americans ?	what do people think of america ?
what are some of the best jokes ?	what are the all time best jokes ?	what is the best joke you have ever heard ?
what is the best way to be motivated ?	what is the best way to keep yourself always motivated ?	how do i stay motivated ?
what is the best audio transcription service ?	what are the top audio transcription companies worldwide ?	what are the best vegetables service in short ?
where can i get quality assistance in sydney for any property transaction ?	where can i get knowledgeable assistance for transfer of property in sydney ?	where can i get best property transaction support in sydney ?
why is india trying to sabotage cpec ?	why does india oppose cpec ?	why india is against cpec ?
does gary johnson have any chance left at winning the presidency ?	what are the chances gary johnson will be our next president ?	can gary johnson win ?
who will win in punjab ?	who will win the punjab assembly election ?	who will win upcoming elections in 2017 ?
how can a girl get out of the friend zone ?	is it possible to escape the friend zone ? if so , how ?	how do i get out of the friend zone ?
how do i improve my pronunciation of english ?	what is the best path i should take to improve my english ?	i want to improve my english ?
did time exist before the big bang ?	was there time before big - bang ?	what was time before the big bang ?
what is the difference between franchise and licensing ?	what is the difference between a license and a franchise ?	what is the difference between penn and second ?
what is the best way to search for a life partner ?	what should i do to find a good life partner ?	how do i discover my life partner ?
what is the most important lesson you have learned from life ?	what is the best lesson you have learned from your life ?	what the most important lesson you have learned from life ?
what is your new year resolution for 2017 ?	what is your new year resolutions in 2017 ?	what are some meaningful new year resolutions for 2017 ?
what is the currency war ?	what is currency war ?	what is the next cm ?
how does a satellite dish work ?	how do satellite dishes work ?	how does a satellite burn ?
what are some cool things do at cancun ?	what are the most fun things to do in cancun ?	what are the cool cool things do money ?
what is a public relations manager responsible for ?	what exactly do public relations managers do ?	what is a public address like having campaign extreme value ?
can depression make you feel sick or actually become sick ?	why does my depression make me feel physically sick ?	can depression make me sick ?
how can one earn money on quora ?	how can you earn a living on quora ?	how do i make money through quora ?
what is the average price of a wedding dress ?	what is the average price of wedding gown ?	what is the average price of a wedding dress ?
what does preprocessor directive means in c plus plus ?	what are the functions of preprocessor directives in c plus plus ?	what is the use of preprocessor dictionary in cplusplus ?
how do i improve my english language ?	how do i speak english fluently ?	how can i continue to improve my english ?
how do we live a green life ?	how do you live a green life ?	how do we live green life - lrb - a green life ?
why would anyone use a search engine other than google ?	does anyone use search engine other than google ?	why use a search engine or google masturbation ?
which book is best for organic chemistry for jee ?	which is the best organic chemistry book for jee ?	which is the best organic chemistry book for jee ?
how can i add my profile picture on qoura ?	how do i add or change my quora profile picture ?	how do i use my picture as my profile picture on quora ?
how can i improve my communication and verbal skills ?	how should we improve communication skills ?	how do i improve my communication skills in a object ?
where can i buy best quality customized cupcakes in gold coast ?	where can i buy special flavor cupcake at gold coast ?	where can i get highest quality , tastiest cupcakes across the gold coast ?
for advanced users of linux , would you recommend mint or ubuntu ?	which one is better : linux mint or ubuntu ?	which linux version is better : linux mint or ubuntu ?
is there any other website similar to quora ?	what are some similar websites to quora ?	what are some similar websites to quora ?
how can we become genius ?	how can i become a genius at anything ?	how do i become genius ?
how long does meth say in your urine ?	how long can meth be detected through a urine drug screen ?	how long does crystal meth stay in your system ?
what is the difference beteween a hurrican and a typhoon ?	what is the difference between hurricane and typhoon ?	what is difference between rain and red symbol ?
how can i learn math ?	what is the best way to learn mathematics ?	how do i learn maths properly ?
is there something that can travel faster than light ?	is any thing faster than light ?	is there any evidence for the different types of light over light ?
what are some of the best travel destinations for solo travellers in india ?	what is the best place in india for a solo trip ?	what are some best places for solo trips in india ?
what movies are on your 2016 top 10 list ?	what are your top five movies for 2016 ?	what are your top movies released in 2016 ?
how i register my mobile no.in sbi ?	how do i register my mobile number in sbi ?	how can i register my mobile after sbi po ?
do you believe in life after death ?	what are the theories as to what happens after death ?	can we ever know if there is life after death ?
how ipsec vpn works ?	how do ipsec and vpn work ?	how does a register catch a satellite work ?
how can you help someone undergoing complicated mourning ?	what should someone with complicated grief know or do ?	what are some of the best people for growing lyric ?
what are some really great short stories ?	which are some of the best short stories ?	what are some good short stories ?
how do i improve my english speaking ?	how i can speak english with fluency ?	how can i improve my spoken english ?
how could i avoid laziness ?	how can someone reduce laziness ?	how can someone reduce laziness ?
what questions should i ask a startup attorney ?	what kinds of questions should i ask my attorney during the free consultation ?	what questions should i ask a startup being attorney ?
can art change the world ?	could art change the world ?	can we change the rest of the world ?
how long will .01 shot of meth be detectable with a mouthswab test ?	how long meth stay in system ?	how long will meth be detected through a deceased test ?
which are the best youtube channels that should be subscribed ?	what are some good channels on youtube to subscribe ?	which are some of the best youtube friends ?
why are there so few women in engineering ?	why are there so few female engineers ?	why are there only a engineer government ?
how do i do keyword research ?	how do you do the keyword research ?	how do you do your keyword research ?
how can we remove poverty in india ?	can poverty be totally eliminated from india ?	what are the best ways to remove poverty in india ?
how does cloud computing work ?	what is cloud computing ?	what is cloud computing and its disadvantages ?
where do multi rich people in london park their yachts ?	where do wealthy people in london dock their yachts ?	how do i become simple acting in london terms of london ?
what the quickest and most painless way to commit suicide ?	what are some painless ways to commit suicide ?	what is a sure way to commit suicide ?
what the smartest thing you have ever seen someone do ?	what is the smartest thing you have seen aperson do ?	what is the smartest thing you have seen someone do ?
how does babies think if they do not know any language ?	how do babies think if they do not know language ?	how do babies think people know if he is not interested ?
has demonetisation benefitted the indian economy ?	how has demonetisation benefitted the indian economy ?	will demonetization succeed in india ?
how do i start an online store ?	how can i create an online store ?	how do i start an online store ?
how do i join the mumbai cricket association ?	how do i join mumbai cricket association as a player ?	how do i join mumbai ?
how do i deal with a rejection ?	how do i cope with the feeling of rejection ?	how would you deal with uri ?
how is zero gravity atmosphere for astronauts is created on earth ?	how do the astronauts practise for zero gravity on earth ?	how astronauts makes free gravity training ?
what would a donald trump presidency look like ?	what would america look like with donald trump as president ?	what would america look like under a trump presidency ?
what is the best thing you have ever eaten ?	what is the best food you have eaten ?	what is the most delicious meal you have ever eaten ?
why is it named as quora ?	why does quora site named by that name ?	why does quora called a position ?
what are the security features in new currency notes ?	how safe is new rs 500 and rs 2000 indian currency notes ?	how difficult is it to copy new 2000 rupee currency note ?
what is the best topic on youtube ?	what are the best topics on youtube ?	what are the best topics on youtube ?
what the most important lesson you have learned in life ?	what is the most important lesson you have learned from life ?	what is the most important lesson you have learned from life ?
how can i get rid of a habit ?	how does one get rid of annoying habits ?	how can i get rid of my habit ?
how can a depressed person help another depressed person ?	how can you help a person with depression ?	is a depression person helps another person ?
how do i make dollar 5000 / month online ?	how do i make dollar 5000 or more a month online ?	how do i make dollar 20 online ?
which bicycle is best for india ?	which is the best bicycle in india ?	which is the best bicycle within a engineer ?
what is the ferranti effect and why does it happen ?	what is the ferranti effect ?	what is the expected cutoff that there failed ?  why wear age ?
how can i become better programmer and improve my thinking ?	how do i improve my cognitive ability and be a better programmer ?	how can i become chinese investors ?
do you think the shape of filipino conciousness is natural ?	do you think the shape of filipino consciousness is natural ?	why does the shape of filipino conciousness is natural ?
how can we make others take america seriously ?	how do i make people take me seriously ?	how do i make other others take feature ?
how can i make my self physically strong ?	how do i make myself physically strong ?	how can i make self - esteem ?
can supreme court of india scrap the demonetization in india ?	can supreme court in india cancel government decision on demonetization ?	can the supreme court order modi to roll back the demonetization move ?
what evidence is there to support the hollow earth theory ?	is there any evidence of the earth being hollow ?	what are some democrats that is trust ?
what makes a terms of use a valid agreement ?	how much validity is there to these terms of use agreements ?	what does it mean to post a tomato agreement ?
what is the home remedy for hiccups ?	what are the causes and remedies for hiccups ?	what are some home remedies for hiccups ?
how do you potty train a four month old puppy ?	how do i potty train a puppy ?	how do i potty train my two - month - old labrador pup ?
what is the quickbooks support phone number in los angeles ?	what is the best quickbooks support number in arkansas ?	which is the best quickbooks tech support number in new york , america ?
why is the theme of the time travel so fascinating ?	why is time travel so fascinating to you ?	why is the theme of the time travel so bad ?
what are the top mba schools in australia ?	which are the top business schools in australia for mba ?	what is the best mba college in australia ?
does sure gell help pass a drug test for meth ?	can you pass a urine test for meth with suragel ?	does marvel change your moon ?
is it possible to view someone private instagram account ?	how can i see someone private instagram account ?	how do i view someone private instagram pictures ?
where can i find a hacker ?	how do i contact a hacker ?	how do l contact a hacker ?
how should one improve one presence of mind ?	how can i improve my presence of mind and concentration ?	how can a person build his / her presence of mind ?
are jumping jacks good for burning calories ?	how effective are jumping jacks to burn calories ?	how do jumping jacks help to burn calories ?
what are some of the best ways to stretch jeans ?	how do you stretch out jeans ?	what is the best way to stretch jeans ?
where can i get a database of america family offices ?	where can i find a america family office database ?	where can i get a database of america family offices ?
why ca not you delete a quora question ?	how do i delete a question on quora application ?	why ca not i delete my own quora questions ?
what is it like to be a data scientist at amazon ?	what it like to work as a data scientist at amazon ?	what is it like to be a data scientist ?
is it normal to repeat the mistakes ?	is it normal to repeat mistakes ?	is it normal to repeat the same mistakes ?
what are the best graduate schools for studying linguistics ?	what are the best grad schools to study linguistics ?	which is the best it in india for studying to study basic school ?
what are the best male - female duet songs of all time ?	what are some of the best male - female duet songs ?	what are the best songs of all ideas of times ?
how can i crack the ias in fresher ?	how do i crack ias in first attempt ?	should ias preparation get ias ?
how can i get rid of my loneliness ?	how do i get rid of my loneliness and emptiness in life ?	how could i get rid of loneliness ?
what is your philosophy of life ?	do you think about life and what is your philosophy of life ?	what is you philosophy on life ?
what is some advice for students ?	what is your advice for students ?	what advice do we give when we are time ?
how is lipton green tea related to weight loss ?	how does green tea burn belly fat ?	is there green tea to help in losing weight ?
what is the firing order in engine ?	what is the firing order of an engine ?	what is the physical amount of orgasm ?
how can i remove political content from my quora feed ?	how do i remove politics from my quora feed ?	how do i remove the common tata systems from my quora feed ?
who will win in america presidential elections in 2016 ?	who is going to win the 2016 america presidential election ? why ?	who will win the america election in 2016 ?
why do some people dislike apple products ?	why do people feel the need to hate apple products ?	why do some people hate apple products ?
will upgrading to the 2016 macbook pro be worth it ?	what are your thoughts on the new 2016 macbook pro ?	is the new macbook pro 2016 an over priced disappointment ?
how can i improve my communication skill and english proficiency ?	what is the best way to improve my spoken english soon ?	how can improve my english speaking ?
what is the best music software for android ?	what are the best android apps for music consumption ?	which is the best music software ?
how can i know that my girlfriend is cheating on me ?	how can i tell if my girlfriend is cheating on me ?	how do i know whether a guy is cheating on me or no ?
what are the best intuit quickbooks support plans ?	what is the best quickbooks support number in arkansas ?	which is the best quickbooks proadvisor tech support number ?
how has being a woman impacted your career success ?	how does being a woman impact your career success ?	what bank has your women were old computer ?
what is your new year resolution for 2017 or goal for 2017 ?	what are your new years resolutions for 2017 ?	do you have any new years resolutions for 2017 ?
when are we going to own flying cars ?	how close are to the invention of flying cars ?	what will happen after world background development ?
which is best smartphone to buy under rs 15000 ?	which phone is best to buy under 15000 ?	which is best smartphone below 15000 ?
how do i study properly ?	how can i improve my study efficiency ?	how can i do self study effectively ?
why cloud computing ? what is so great about it ?	what is cloud computing ? how does it work ?	what are some great skills targeting it ?
can i hack anyone whatsapp remotely ?	is there any way to hack whatsapp using web.whatsapp ?	is it possible to hack whatsapp messenger ?
what would be the best laptop under rs . 50000 ?	which is the best laptop to buy under rs - 50000 ?	what is the best laptop under rs .50000 in india ?
where do i find a list of knowledge prizes to answer ?	what is a list of all currently active quora knowledge prizes ?	what a link to all the quora knowledge prizes questions on one page ?
are all intelligent people introverts ?	are intelligent people more likely to be introverts ?	are most intelligent people introverted ?
what are the easy ways to earn money online ?	what is a way to make money online ?	how can we earn money online in india ?
will there be a camera better then our eyes ?	could a camera ever be better than our eyes ?	is it better to find an one camera only makes a leader ?
how do i get a tiny waist ?	how do i get a thin waist ?	how do you get a smaller waist ?
how does google maps find out the current traffic situation ?	how does google maps track traffic ?	how does google maps get subscribers ?
what are the most dangerous drugs and why ?	what are the most dangerous drugs ?	what is most dangerous drug at present ?
what motivates you to write on quora ?	what motivates you to write for quora ?	motivates you to write , quora ?
is make up sex good ?	is make up sex hotter than average sex ? why ?	is make up sex good ?
what makes men attractive ?	what make men attractive ?	what makes men quit ?
how do i invest in stock ?	how can i invest in stocks ?	how do invest in stocks ?
which are the best automation testing tools ?	what are common automation testing tools ?	which automation testing tool is best for mobile testing ?
how should i start a career on ethical hacking ?	how do i start career in ethical hacking ?	where can i find a professional programmer on ethical hacking ?
how do i learn a new programming language ?	what is the easy way to learn a programming language ?	how do you learn to program ?
how can i block seeing a specific someone answers on quora ?	how do i stop seeing someone answers in quora ?	how do you block someone on quora ?
what is that one incident that changed your life for better ?	what is the incident that changed your life ?	what is that one incident in your life that completely changed you ?
would donald trump make a good u.s president ? why or why not ?	will donald trump be a good president ?	why could donald trump win the election ?
how do i write a cover letter ?	how do i write a persuasive cover letter ?	how do i write a persuasive cover letter ?
can narendra modi make india economic superpower ?	can narendra modi make india a superpower ?	is modi government ruining our united states ?
can you pass a urine test for meth in six months ?	can i pass a blood test after meth use ?	does the meth produce test for meth ?
what are the best resume ever ?	which are some of the best resumes ?	which is the best resume ever any by whom ?
how do you make money with quora ?	how can one earn money on quora ?	how do i make money through quora ?
what is the best web scraping tutorial with python ?	what are some good python web scraping tutorials ?	what are some great tricks to learn web scraping using python ?
how can i backup my phone data ?	how do i backup my phone ?	how do i unsubscribe and similarities my phone data ?
how do i upload my profile picture on quora ?	how can i upload profile picture on quora ?	how do i change profile picture in quora ?
how does first time sex feel like ?	how did you feel when you had sex for the first time ?	what does having sex for the first time feel like ?
what is your best relationship advice ?	what is the best relationship advice ?	what is the best relationship advice that you can love ?
how can i improve my writing skills to become a better writer ?	how can i improve my writing skills to write advanced composition ?	how do i improve writing skills . ?
what is the longest twitch video ?	what is the longest video on twitch ?	what according to you is the longest bond video ?
how often do young women masturbate ?	how frequently do women masturbate ?	how much do women masturbate ?
what are accenture recruitment criteria ?	what is the recruitment process of accenture ?	what is the accenture recruitment process ?
is there any difference in being spiritual and being religious ?	why is being spiritual different from being religious ?	what is being physical analytics ?
how do i stop procrastinating and wasting time ?	how can one stop procrastinating completely ?	how can one stop being a procrastinator ?
why is saltwater taffy candy imported in mexico ?	why is saltwater taffy candy imported in south korea ?	why is saltwater taffy candy imported in the philippines ?
what are some good topics for a physics hl ia ?	what are some good physics hl ia topics ?	what have you good topics for a physics ?
how risky is laser hair removal ?	is laser hair removal harmful for skin ?	how tough is power or blonde ?
is azusa pacific university an lgbt friendly school ?	should i worry about attending azusa pacific university if i am gay ?	is azusa pacific university accepting of playing kong ?
what are the biggest obstacles in elon musk plan to colonize mars ?	what will be the biggest challenges of living on mars ?	what are the best differences in spacex or cheese that supports mars ?
can a america president destroy a city with actions ?	can a america president easily destroy a city ?	can america president affect the city in a city ?
what are the easiest ways to earn money online ?	what are ways of earning money online ?	how could i make money online ?
which answer is the most voted one in quora ?	which is the most up voted answer of quora ?	what is the most viewed and most up voted answer on quora ?
what are ways i can make money online ?	can i make money online ?	what are the best ways to earn money from home ?
was hillary clinton a good secretary of state ?	was hillary clinton an effective secretary of state ?	how is hillary clinton a glow state ?
why has arnab goswami resigned from times now ?	why did arnab goswami resign from times now ?	why does arnab goswami left times now ?
how can i stop myself from watching too much of porn ?	how do i stop addiction to porn ?	how should i stop being addicted to porn ?
how do i overcome internalized homophobia ?	what the best way to deal with internalized homophobia ?	how can i battle my severe internalized homophobia ?
how do you add a profile picture on quora ?	how do i add a profile picture to my quora account ?	how do i get my picture to be different on quora ?
what do doctors think of dr. oz ?	what do physicians think of dr. oz ?	what do doctors employees think about quartzy ?
which is the biggest lie ever told ?	what are the biggest lies ?	what is the best lie ever told ?
what is the best way to learn how to trade stocks ?	how do i learn how to trade stocks by myself ?	how the scratch to trade stocks ?
what do you think china food ?	how do you think of chinese food ?	what do you think of the chinese food ?
what is a remedy for dandruff ?	what are the remedies for dandruff ?	what are some solutions to dandruff ?
how do you remove coffee stains between my teeth ?	what are the best ways to remove coffee stains from teeth ?	how do i remove coffee stains from my teeth ?
in what ways can i grow taller ?	what are the tips to grow taller ?	what are the ways to grow tall ?
how does a rocket fly in space vacuum ?	how do rockets turn in space where there is vacuum ?	how do rockets and missiles fly on space ?
what are your biggest pet peeves on quora ?	what are your biggest quora community pet peeves , and why ?	what is your view / islam against quora ?
how do i get over an ex that i dated for two years ?	dating and relationships : how can i get over a break up ?	how can i get over an ex that i am in a two months ?
what colors go best with gray ?	what colors go with gray ?	what colors go best with gray ?
is math the language of nature ?	can math be described as the language of nature ?	is math a dream ?
how much should i charge for photography services ?	how much should i charge for photography ?	how much can i charge for an uber service ?
why does people get jealous of you ?	why do i get jealous of people ?	why do i get jealous of other people ?
if donald trump wins the election , what would america society look like ?	what will happen if donald trump wins ?	what will happen to america if donald trump wins the election ?
how do you make easy money online ?	how do you make money online ?	how can i start to make money online ?
which is the best site for buying a rubik cube ?	which is the best site to buy a good rubik cube ?	what is the best software for a rubik cube ?
how do i keep up the motivation till the end of the day ?	how do i keep up the motivation at the end of the day ?	how do i keep motivated off the day of day ?
how do i deal with my heartbreak ?	how did you deal with your heartbreak ?	how do you deal with a heartbreak ?
how do i contact a real hacker ?	where can i find / employ a real hacker ?	how do l contact a hacker ?
is banning commercial surrogacy an answer to the exploitation of the surrogates . ?	is banning commercial surrogacy an answer to the exploitation of the surrogates ?	is ms dhoni executive coming from birth ?
what would you do if you find yourself invisible ?	what would you do if given the power to become invisible ?	what will you do if you know that you are invisible their invisible ?
what are the best earphones under 1000 ?	what is the best earphone under 1000 rs ?	which headphones / earphones are the best under 1000 ?
how to hack wifi ?	am how to hack and get the password of a wifi ?	how do i can hack wifi ?
how can you find an atomic number ?	how is an atomic number determined ?	how do you compare an atomic number ?
how do i improve my english language ?	how could i improve my english ?	how can i continue to improve my english ?
what is your favourite memory of carrie fisher ?	how will you remember carrie fisher ?	what was your favorite memory of the star wars or gaming ?
is it legal to download youtube videos ?	is it illegal to download youtube videos ?	is it illegal to download youtube videos ?
how can i get more clients for my web development business ?	what is the best strategy for getting clients for web development business ?	how do i get live clients for my start up web development agency ?
why does everybody hate me and treat me horribly ?	why does everybody hate me ?	why it does everyone hate me to rotate ?
what is the meaning of daboch ?	what is the meaning of the word daboch ?	what is the meaning of peace ?
how does the indian economy work ?	how exactly does the indian economy work ?	how does the indian economy work ?
do you really know what islam really is ?	do you really know islam ?	do you know what islam is a fact ?
is hillary clinton really worse than donald trump ?	who is better among hillary clinton and donald trump ?	is hillary clinton really worse than donald trump ?
what is it like to be a pornstar ?	what it like to be a pornstar ?	what it like being a pornstar ?
how do i change the font size in the quora app ?	how can i change the font size of the quora app ?	how can i change the font size of quora ?
what is the amount of black money in india the form of currency ?	what percentage of black money in india is stored in notes ?	what is the minimum amount of black money in india ?
what are some of the best resources to learn typing ?	what are some good resources to learn to type faster ?	what is the best way to learn lic 2017 skills ?
what is it like for a doctor to marry a non - doctor ?	what is it like for a non - doctor to marry a doctor ?	is it actually difficult to marry a boy ?
what is the key to confidence ?	how do i gain self confidence ?	what are the main causes of building self - confidence ?
what are best wallpapers for pc ?	what are the best wallpapers for desktop ?	what are some of the best wallpapers in your pc ?
what is placement of mca from manit jamshedpur in 2015 - 2016 ?	what is placement of mca from manit bhopal in 2015 - 2016 ?	what is the placement and mexican movie of 2015 from 2015 ?  divided ?
is morality subjective or objective ?	is human morality subjective or objective ?	is morality objective ?
what is aerobic respiration ? what role does oxygen play ?	what role does oxygen play in aerobic resperation ?	what is the role of a r passport ?
what are some interesting facts about magnus carlsen ?	what are some amazing facts about magnus carlsen ?	what are some interesting facts about new hedge ?
who was aristotle ? what were some of his teachings and beliefs ?	what were the beliefs of aristotle ?	what are some short christians of human behavior ?
what the best compliment you have ever received ?	what is the best compliment that you have ever received ?	what the best compliment you have ever received ?
what are your resolutions for 2017 ? and why ?	what is your resolution for 2017 ?	what would be your new year resolutions for 2017 ?
what are your resolutions for 2017 ? and why ?	what your resolutions for 2017 ?	what would be your new year resolutions for 2017 ?
what is a factory design pattern ? why is it used ?	what is a factory design pattern ?	what is a list of bollywood designed ?
what the best way to learn english ?	what is the best way to improve my spoken english soon ?	how do i speak fluent english ?
how can you motivate me to study hard ?	how should i get motivation to study hard ?	how do you motivate me to study hard ?
what are the most prominent theories of what caused the big bang ?	what force caused the big bang ?	what caused big - bang and has there been more than one bang ?
how do i create an effective profile on upwork ?	how can i build a strong profile on upwork ?	how do i get my beard to users so post ?
how can monetize my writing ability ?	how can i monetize writing ability ?	how do competitive change increase myself ?
how do you strip a copper wire fast ?	how can you strip copper wire fast ?	is it possible to defeat a copper card ?
how much does it cost to study in canada for a canadian ?	how much does it cost to study in canada ?	how much does it cost to study in canada for canadian ?
what was the main cause that ended world war one ?	what was the immediate cause of the first world war ?	what were the causes of world war i ?
who invented the first compound microscope ?	what is the importance of the compound light microscope ?	who invented the submarine ?
who is the best journalist in india ?	who is the best journalist currently in india ?	who is the best journalist currently in india ?
why can i not reach my full potential ?	why can not i reach my full potential ?	why we can not reach your mind ?
what are some good ways to repurpose wine bottles ?	how can you repurpose wine bottles ?	how do you tell if a moon has touched up ?
how do i invest in real estate ?	how would one get into investing in real estate ?	how do i invest in real estate ?
can a girl and a boy be best friends forever ?	why ca not a guy and a girl remain best friends forever ?	can a girl and a boy be best friends forever ?
what should we do after mba ?	what courses i should do after mba ?	what should i do after doing mba ?
are there any reliable iq tests on the internet ?	how reliable are iq tests in internet ?	are there any free certified iq tests available online ?
how do you install / uninstall software in ubuntu / linux ?	how do i install software in linux / ubuntu ?	how to install ubuntu software ?
is there anything which moves faster than light in the world ?	is there something that can travel faster than light ?	is any thing competition in the world ?
what the best programming language to learn in 2016 ?	in what order should i learn programming languages ?	what is the most valuable programming language for the future to learn ?
what is the meaning of life ? whats our purpose on earth ?	what according to you is the purpose of life ?	what the sole purpose of life ?
why do we use functions in the c programming language ?	why do we use functions in c language ?	what are the benefits of learning c programming ?
how do i get my phone out of recovery mode ?	how do i get an phone out of the bootloop ?	how do i get my phone correct out of stolen ?
what happens if we use petrol in diesel vehicles ?	what heppen if i use petrol in diesel engine ?	what happens if petrol is used in a diesel engine ?
what are the best gsoc organisations to contribute using python ?	which are the best organisations in gsoc 2016 for python language ?	which is best site for learning python ?
what are the two best foods ?	what the best food ?	what is the best food ?
what are the strange phobias people have ?	what are the different kinds of phobia that people have ?	what are the strangest phobias some people have and what causes them ?
why is not my question answered on quora ?	why will no one answer my question on quora ?	why wont anyone answer my questions ?
how should i get up early in the morning for studying ?	how do i get up early in the morning to study ?	what should i do to get up early in the morning ?
how do you restore a dell inspiron 1525 to the factory settings ?	how do you reset a dell laptop to factory settings ?	how do you factory reset a dell computer ?
will anything replace facebook ?	will anything completely replace facebook ?	will god replace facebook ?
what are the problems faced by indian students in america ?	what is the problem faced by indian students in america ?	what are the problems faced by indian student ?
can your phone get a virus ?	how does a cell phone get a virus ?	how do phone get a virus ?
what is the quickest way to make money ?	what is the quickest way to make dollar 8000 ?	what the quickest way to make money ?
what is a way to make money online ?	what is the easy way to make money online ?	what are some easy ways to make done extra money online ?
what are the most up voted answers on quora ?	is there top up voted answers list of all times on quora ?	what is the most viewed and most up voted answer on quora ?
what are the new features in the 2016 macbook pro ?	what are the new features of the pre - 2016 macbook pro ?	what are your thoughts on the new 2016 macbook pro ?
was ustad nusrat fateh ali khan a shia muslim ?	was qawwali singer ustad nusrat fateh ali khan a shia muslim ?	was raghuram rajan aware of the claim of harry muslims ?
what are best dating apps / sites in india ?	which is the best dating app in india ?	which is the best dating app in india ?
what are some of your favorite books ?	what are your top 10 favorite reads ?	what is your favorite book of al time ?
what is the best interior design school in bangalore ?	which is the best interior designing school in bangalore ?	what are the best interior design school in bangalore ?
i want to learn programming . where do i start ?	i want to learn coding how should i start it ?	i want to learn coding , where should i start ?
what is the process of financing in acquisition process ?	what is the process of financing in acquisition ?	what are the best earphones to prepare for dinner in ibm ?
why and how russia possesses such a huge land mass ?	how was russia able to get / capture such a vast land area ?	why is russia formed ?
how do we perceive sound as human being ?	how do we perceive sound ?	how do we see to see a sound through being a form ?
what are the common mistakes of language learners ?	what common mistakes do people make when learning a new language ?	what are the common mistakes of a person learning learning skills ?
what is the statement of bernoulli equation ?	what is bernoulli equation ?	what is a crime chemical reaction ?
what are the best books to learn economics ?	what are the best books to understand economics ?	what are the best books to learn economics ?
what topic on quora has the most followers ?	what is the most followed topic on quora ?	what are the 50 topics with the most followers on quora ?
was vlad the impaler pure evil ?	is vlad the impaler the most horrendous killer of all time ?	what is nobody darwin evil ?
how do you describe soul ?	how would you describe a soul ?	how can you describe your life ?
is it possible to fall in love with someone you have never met ?	is it normal to fall in love with someone you have never met ?	is it possible to love an arranged guy you back ?
what is hillary clinton policy towards india - america relations ?	what is hillary clinton foreign policy outlook with regard to india ?	what will be hillary clinton india policy if she wins in a near ?
what are the best travel hacks to travel cheap around the world ?	what your best travel hack ?	what is the best travel hack ?
what are some of the best jokes you have heard ?	what is the best joke you have heard / read ?	what is the best joke you have ever heard ?
what are some of the interesting facts about india ?	what interesting fact about india can you add to my knowledge ?	what are some best facts about india ?
what were the causes of bengal partition in 1905 ?	why was bengal of british india partitioned in 1905 ?	why does bengal partition done ?
what can you say about filipino people ?	what is your honest opinion about the philippines and filipino people ?	what do you say with someone who hate a move on ?
is betting on bet365 legal in india in 2016 ?	is bet365 legal in india for cricket betting ?	is bet365 legal in india ?
what we will learn from travelling ?	what have you learned from travelling ?	what can one learn from traveling ?  why ?  travelling ?
what is your favourite book and why ?	what is your favorite book ever , and why ?	what is your favourite book ?
what do people ask most about surfing ?	what do people want to know about surfing ?	what do people want to know most about surfing ?
what are the most interesting facts about antarctica ?	what are some lesser known facts about antarctica ?	what are the most interesting facts about antarctica ?
why did you decide not to have kids ?	why have you decided not to have kids ?	why had not you find fired ?
why do the people fall in love ?	how do people fall in love ?	why do the people fall in love ?
what is the scariest thing that has happened to you ?	what was the scariest thing that happened to you ?	what is the scariest thing that you have ever happened to you ?
why does my cat lick plastic sacks ?	why do cats love to lick plastic bags ?	why does my cat lick plastic bags ?
what are good places to publish poetry ?	what are great websites to publish poetry ?	what the best place to buy poetry ?
why does it take so much effort to lose weight ?	why is it so difficult to lose weight ?	why is it so hard to lose weight ?
how can i lose weight loss ?	how can i loose weight for wedding ?	how do i lose weight ?
does long distance relationship work ?	how do we can remain satisfied in a long distance relationship ?	how will long distance relationship work ?
what are the health risks of drinking too much water ?	does drinking too much water damaging to your body ?	what are the health risks of drinking ones speed ?
how do you earn money on quora ?	how can i earn money on quora ?	how do i make money through quora ?
what is the evidence behind the assertion of white privilege ?	what is white skin privilege ?	is being white a privilege ?
i feel like i am overly defensive . how can i fix that ?	why am i so defensive and how can i change that ?	why am i feeling higher but not go to ?
what is the best way to find a job as an expat ?	what is the best way to find job as an expat ?	how are the job opportunitis ?
how do you get detergent stains out of clothes ?	how can you get rid of detergent stains on clothes ?	what are some ways to get rid of laundry detergent stains ?
what is the best technology to switch over for a sharepoint developer ?	what is the best technology to switch to for a sharepoint developer ?	what is the best business to have out for a blogger ?
what is the best electronic music website ?	what the best website for electronic music ?	what is the best android sound website ? why ?
how do i write an answer on quora ?	what if i write an answer on quora ?	how do i write an answer on quora ?
how do i download videos from hotstar ?	how do i download a video from hot star ?	how do i download a video from hot star ?
is there any formula for finding nth prime number ?	is there a function for finding the nth prime number ?	what are good ways to find nth prime number in the fastest way ?
can animals think of committing suicide ?	do the animals suicide ?	what animals knowingly commit suicide ?
what can i do with ipad ?	what can i do with this ipad ?	what is the ipad ? and why ?
why were the 500 and 1000 rupee notes demonetized ?	why is the 500 rupee note banned in india ?	why modi is not rs dollar demonetisation ?
what is your favourite game ?	what are your favourite games and why ?	what are your favorite games and why ?
why do dogs bark during mid night ?	why do dogs bark at the same time every night ?	why do dogs bark at night ?
what are the requirements for selection into mit ?	how can i get admitted to mit ?	how to get admissions in mit ?
what happen if north pole and south pole are switched ?	what would happen if the north pole and the south pole switched places ?	what will happen if south korea produce ii ?
i m 18 . how can i make money online ?	how can i make money online for job ?	how can i earn money part time online ?
how does forward and reverse primer differ ?	how do forward and reverse primers work ?	how do biotic and ego differ from scars ?
how can i ask the right questions ?	how does one master the art of asking the right questions ?	how do i go about asking the right questions ?
what was your favorite halloween costume , and why ?	what is your favorite past halloween costume ?	what is your favorite halloween from and why ?
how should i start my preparation for the ssc cgl 2017 without coaching ?	how do i start preparing for ssc cgl 2017 without coaching ?	how can i proceed in ssc cgl ?
who has the most money in the world ?	who has the most money in the world really ?	who has the most money ?
which was the best bollywood movie of 2016 so far ?	which are the best bollywood movies in 2016 ?	what is your favorite bollywood movie in 2016 ?
what the best music or sound to fall asleep to ?	what the best sound that helps you fall asleep ?	what the best sound to fall asleep to ?
what is a career as an airline pilot like ?	what is it like to be an airline pilot ?	what are good ways to choose an pilot and right pilot and move ?
what is the easiest way to get followers on quora ?	how do you get more followers on quora ?	how do i get more followers on quora ?
`` what is the origin of / meaning behind the surname `` williams ?	`` what is the origin of the surname williams ?	`` what is the meaning of this differently behind you ? what were some symptoms ?
how do i get more energy ?	what can i do to get more energy ?	how do i get more energy ?
what are the symptoms of anxiety ?	what are symptoms of social anxiety ?	how do i know that i have anxiety ?
how do i know if my phone is being tracked ?	is my phone being tracked ?	how can i know if my phone is being tracked or tapped ?
how many supercomputers are there in iit kharagpur ?	is there a supercomputer in iit kharagpur ?	what are some interesting places to face in iit kharagpur ?
how can i build traffic for my website ?	how can i increase the traffic of my blog ?	how do i get traffic on website ?
what is the best book to read to learn java ?	which is the best book for java programming ?	which is best book for java ?
how do we protect our ideas from being copied by others ?	how can i protect my ideas from being stolen ?	how can i prevent an idea from being stolen ?
what are some well paid government jobs for mechanical engineers ?	which are best government jobs for mechanical engineer ?	which are the best government jobs for mechanical engineers ?
how can i study efficiently ?	how can i improve my study efficiency ?	how can i study more hard ?
how can i master java in one month ?	can you learn java in one month ?	can you learn java in one month ?
what are some lesser known facts / incidents related to narendra modi ?	narendra modi : what are the unknown facts about narendra modi ?	what are some lesser known facts / incidents related to narendra modi ?
quora : how do you post a question on quora ?	how do i post a question in quora ?	how do i post here on quora ?
what is it like to date a pornstar ?	what is like to date pornstar ?	what it like to date a pornstar ?
why does a current carrying conductor produce a magnetic field around it ?	why does a current - carrying conductor always have magnetic field around it ?	why are there any other current pokémon offers magnetic field ?
how many times can i take the gate exam ?	gate exam : how many times can one take up gate exam ?	how many days should you take the gate ?
why would not google chrome possibly respond ?	why is google chrome always not responding ?	why are google chrome detect ?
what new thing did you learn about life today ?	what is your life lesson that you learn from today ?	what did you learn from life today ?
what are some ways to achieve your goals ?	how do you achieve your goal ?	how can we achieve our goals ?
what is the primary , principle purpose of life ?	what is ultimate purpose of life ?	what could be the basic purpose of life ?
how do you become a security specialist ?	how do i become a cyber security professional ?	what are the best way to become a cyber security expert ?
how can you find the percent empirical formula ?	how do you find the empirical formula from a percent composition ?	how can i get the reaction after my blood ?
how quickbooks proavisor tech support phone number is prominent for getting solutions ?	which is the best quickbooks tech support number in texas ?	which is the best quickbooks tech support number in las vegas ?
where can i get excellent removals service in australia ?	where can i get friendly removals service provider in australia ?	where can i get many luxury planets services in australia ?
how do you find the intercepts of a parabola ?	what are some ways of finding the x intercepts of a parabola ?	how do you find the mathematics behind a parabola ?
how is lipton green tea related to weight loss ?	how does green tea helps in weight loss ?	is there green tea to help in losing weight ?
how do you clean guitar frets ?	what the best way to clean a guitar fret ?	how can i change my guitar from my guitar ?
what are common legal problems among web startups ?	what are the most common legal issues startups encounter ?	what are some the most common legal problems that most the indians have accounting of a web startup ?
how can you learn to memorize things quickly ?	how can i memorize things faster ?	how can i memorize quickly ?
how long should you wait for sex ?	how long should someone wait to have sex with their partner ?	how long should i register to have sex ?
how can i get a job in pune after doing mechanical engineer ?	how do i get a mechanical engineer job in pune ?	how do i get job in pune after doing engineering ?
what happened to william wife in pillars of the earth ?	what happened to williams wife in pillars of the earth ?	what was the feeling to tinder ring ?
what is the best certification course to learn digital marketing ?	which is the best digital marketing course ?	what is the best digital marketing course online for a beginner ?
how do i recover my deleted email by my gmail account ?	how do i recover deleted emails in my gmail account ?	how can i recover my old mail ?   yahoo account . ?
is the post about two moons on july 4th true ?	will we see two moons on july 4th ?	why is there no two september at sharing ?
what does cum taste like ?	what is the taste of human semen ?	does semen taste good ?
what do you like or dislike about quora ?	what do you like and dislike about quora ?	why do you dislike quora ?
why do i feel lonely even when i m around many people ?	why do i feel lonely even when i m around many ?	why do i feel lonely when i m around people ?
why are watermelons red on the inside ?	why are watermelons red ?	what makes watermelon red inside ?
what are the common withdrawal symptoms of marijuana ?	what are some of the withdrawal symptoms of stopping heavy marijuana use ?	what are some of the most common birth that most shiva marks ?
what are your views on sushma swaraj address in unga 2016 ?	how do you rate sushma swaraj speech at unga 2016 ?	what your view on motor in america ?
what are the skills to require a job ?	what are the skills required for a job ?	what are some required i need to get a job ?
how does it feel to fall out of love ?	can we fall out of love ?	how do i fall out of love with love ?
what is the most effective way to wash dishes by hand ?	what is the most effective way to hand wash dishes ?	what the most effective way to wash a baby ?
how was the kvpy 2016 sa ?	how was kvpy sa 2016 ?	what do you think about the kvpy 2016 paper ?
should i remain friends with my ex ?	should i continue being friends with my ex ?	should i stay joke with my ex ?
why does the caste system persist in india ?	why caste system still stay in india ? d ?	why do the planets in india have no nucleus facility ?
what made you love reading books ?	why do you love reading ?	what made you love reading books ?
how do i recover a lost gmail password ?	how do you recover your gmail account password ?	how do you recover your gmail password ?
what was the scariest moment ever , in your life ?	what was the scariest incident of your life ?	which is the scariest moment of your life ?
what the best way to learn faster ?	how should i learn faster ?	what is the fastest way to learn something ?
what are different tools used for gardening ? how are they used ?	what are the different gardening tools and their uses ?	what are different tools for famous ?
which is the best coaching in ahmedabad , ice or the gate academy ?	what is the best coaching in ahmedabad for ice gate or gate academy ?	what is the best coaching centre for where bank academy ?
what are the benefits of gst bill ?	what is the benefits of gst bill ?	what is the benefits of gst bill for common peoples ?
what could cause a person to vomit white foam ?	what does it mean when your vomit is white	what could cause the most phase white foam ?
which is the best laptop under 40000 inr ?	which is the best laptop to buy under 40000 ?	which laptop is best under 40000 ?
which is the best linux for desktops and for mobiles ?	which is the best linux version for a desktop ?	what is the best linux desktop environment ?
how can i prepare for gate ?	how should i prepare for gate ?	what are some tips to prepare for the gate ?
when will we get rid of religion ?	will humanity ever get rid of religions ?	can i get rid of religion ?  than religious experience ?
what linux ?	what is the uses of linux ?	what is linux ? what is its use ?
what is the difference between web designer and web developer ?	what is the difference between web - designer and web - developer ?	what is the difference between web - scraping and web design ?
what are file descriptors ?	what is a file descriptor and why do we need it ?	what are file descriptors and how are they used ?
what are the best naruto fanfictions ?	what are some of the best naruto fanfictions ?	what are some of the best bollywood examples ?
wat happens when a unstoppable force meets with an unmovable object ?	what happens when an unstoppable object collides with an immovable object ?	what happens when an indestructible force hits an unmovable object ?
what are some tips for making the best fluffy scrambled eggs ?	how can you make fluffy scrambled eggs ?	what are the best technologies in the past battery ?
what are some examples of fixed ratios ? how are they used ?	what are some examples of fixed ratio ?	what is the fixed bird ?
which phone should i buy under inr 15k ?	which phone is best under 15000 ?	which mobile phone should i buy under rs .15000 ?
what is the best way to learn about stock market ?	how do you join and start investing into the stock market ?	what are the ways to learn about stock market ?
where can i find a website to watch movies with english subtitles ?	on which online free website can i watch foreign movies with english subtitles ?	which sites i can watch hollywood movies for free with english subtitles ?
how do i learn accounting on my own ?	how should i learn accountancy ? any tips	how should i learn accountancy ? any tips
what are good topics for research ?	what are some interesting topics to research ?	what are some good topics for research ?
how do i build a website ?	how do you build a website ?	how do i build my website ?
how should one start preparations for cat ?	how should i start to prepare aptitude for cat ?	how do i prepare for cat ?
why do i feel fine being single ?	why do i feel contented being single ?	why do i feel so much look single ?
how can i add dublin core to a website ?	how do you add dublin core to website ?	how do i add job core to a website ?  just .
how do i improve my reading understanding in english ?	how do i improve my reading comprehension in english more efficiently ?	how do i improve reading understanding in english ?
what is the best way to avoid procrastination ?	what habits , i can develop to avoid procrastination ?	what is the best way to kill procrastination ?
how can i cope with fear of flying ?	what can be done to overcome the fear of flying ?	how do you overcome fear of flying ?
what are the easy ways to earn money ?	what are some easy ways to make money ?	i am unemployed what are some easy ways to make some money ?
what are the different types of mortgage loans ?	how is mortgage loan different from other types of loan ?	what are the different types of mortgage of alcohol ?
donald trump won . what now ?	should i start packing , now that trump won the presidency ?	what is donald trump crazy for ?
what is the difference between bioinformatics and genetic data science ?	what is the difference between data science and bioinformatics ?	what is the difference between a therapist and a genetic data science ?
when should we have sex ?	when should you be able to have sex ?	when should i get my first sex ?
how will you know you love someone ?	how do you know if you are in love or just limerice ?	how do you know if you are in love ?
what are some good songs to make a texting lyric prank ?	what are some good lyric prank songs to send your best friends ?	what is a good song to lyric prank your best friend ?
does playing chess improve logical thinking ?	how does playing chess improve logical thinking ?	is it right to improve chess thinking ?
how much hair is it normal to lose daily ?	how much hair loss is considered normal in men ?	how much i can lose hair fall ?
could you suggest some good books to read ?	can you suggest some good books to read ?	can you suggest some good books to read ?
is it safe for dogs to eat pork rib bones ?	can you give a dog pork rib bones ?	can dogs eat pork bones rib ? why or why not ?
which is the best spiritual book and why ?	which is the best spiritual book ?	what are the best books for spiritual enlightenment ?
which is the best dslr , nikon or canon ?	as a beginner , which is the best dslr , nikon or canon ?	which is a better brand nikon or canon ?
do warm temperatures make people lazy ?	too high temperature will make people lazy ?	do the stars if the seven , commit seem he is golf ?
what are causes of having oily face ?	what are the causes of a very oily face ?	what are the causes of a grey face ?
what super powers would you like to have ?	which superpower would you like to have ?	what will the next expected program after you have ?
how do people deal with their grief over the loss of a pet ?	how do i get over the loss of a pet ?	how do i deal with the loss of a novice of a pet ?
which country is the best place to work in ?	what are some of the best countries in the work and stay ?	where is the best place to work at ?
where is there an enterprise car rental in baton rouge ?	is there an enterprise car rental in baton rouge ?	how does an common car fly from bills skills ?
which book is best for data structures and algorithms for beginners ?	what are the best books on algorithms and data structures ?	what are the best algorithm books for beginners ?
what is an investment banker ? how can one become an investment banker ?	what does an investment banker do and how can i become one ?	how can one be an investment banker ?
what is the best way to choose colleges to apply to ?	what should i look for when choosing which colleges to apply for ?	what are some good ways to apply for universities ?
how can i find luxury hotels in jaipur ?	what are some of the best luxury resorts in jaipur ?	what are some luxury hotels in jaipur ?
what is error 404 and why does it carry that number ?	what is 404 error ?	what is the error pleasure where he tell ?
what are the best training institutes of pmp in delhi ?	what are some good pmp training classroom sessions in delhi , ncr ?	what are the best training institutes of pmp in delhi ?
how do i stop stalking my ex on social media ?	how do i stop stalking someone on social media ?	how can i stop my google from social media ?
how do i become more knowledgeable ?	how can i become knowledgeable ?	how can i become more memorable ?
where can i see my asked questions in quora ?	where can i find the questions i ask on quora ?	is it possible to see the questions on quora ?
how can i get mentally strong ?	how can i become mentally stronger ?	what is a way to become mentally strong ?
what are the differences between chinese and western table manners ?	what are the differences between china and western table manner ?	what are some difference of table manners between chinese and british ?
how do i start learning machine learning and data science using python ?	where should i start at to learn about how to do python ?	how should i start learning python ?
what is the definition of barnum effect ?	what is the barnum effect ? what are some examples ?	what is origin of harry effect ?
when was the boston marathon ?	when is the boston marathon this year ?	how did the boston marathon 2016 ?
who has the highest iq ?	who have the highest iq ?	who has the highest mail ?
what do i do to increase my height ?	how do i increase my height after 22 ?	is there a way to get taller , and increase your height ?
what happens if gravity falls away for five seconds ?	what happens if the earth lost gravity for five seconds ?	what is it like that toilet nobody from natural contributions to tests ?
what should i do to get healthy hair ?	how can i get healthy hair without any hair treatment ?	how do i get have healthy hair ?
what is the average conversion rate for ecommerce businesses ?	what the average conversion rate for online retail store traffic ?	what is the average conversion rate of e - commerce sites ?
what do you know about china ?	how do you know about china ?	what do you know about china ?
why are some people scared of clowns ?	why are people so scared of clowns ?	why are people afraid of clowns ?
why did the soviet union go to war with afghanistan ?	why did the soviet union invade afghanistan ?	what was the sexual white country towards trump ?
what does trump victory mean for canada ?	what impact will trump presidency have on canada ?	how is trump win going to affect canada ?
do we have any plain minecraft war servers ?	what are some minecraft war servers ?	what are some of minecraft war servers ?
how can i know if someone has blocked me on whatsapp ?	how do i know if i m blocked on whatsapp ?	how do i find if someone has blocked me on whatsapp ?
why would my phone five stop charging ?	why is not my phone five charging ?	why would my phone not be charging ?
what does sex feel like for girls ?	what does sex feel like for women ?	what does sex feel like for a girl ?
what is gst and how would it affect common man ?	how would gst help / affect common man in india ?	how will the gst affect the common man in india ?
how can i improve my spoken english ?	how can i improve my communication skills in english ?	how can i improve my english pronunciation ?
what is everyone favourite song and why ?	what is your favorite song of all time and why ?	what is your favourite song ?
what could be the reason behind arnab goswami quitting times now ?	why did arnab goswami resign from times now ?	why does arnab goswami left times now ?
what is the best free anti - virus ?	what is the best free anti - virus and internet protection ?	what is the best free anti - virus ?
why do people still believe the world is flat ?	why there are people who still believe that earth is flat ?	why do some people think earth is flat ?
how should i make money online for free ?	where can make money online free ?	how can i make money online with free give free ?
how do i get rid of excessive weight ?	what should i do to reduce weight ?	how should i loose weight ?
what are the major differences between chinese culture and western cultures ?	what are the major differences between chinese and western culture ?	what is the difference between chinese and western culture ?
what is the difference between a dwarf and a midget ?	what is the difference between a midget and a dwarf ?	what is difference between behavior and attitude ?
what was the best motivational story you have ever heard ?	what are the best inspirational stories that you ever heard ?	what is the best motivational story you have ever heard ?
at what time should i drink green tea to be fit ?	what is the correct time to take green tea for weight loss ?	why is green tea associated with fat loss ?
how do i relieve lower back pain and stiffness ?	how do i deal with back pain as a teenager ?	how do i relieve my eye pain ?
how did the concept of god start ?	how did the concept of god started ?	how did you create an object ?
how can i increase the traffic on a site ?	how do i get traffic for website ?	how can i increase the traffic on a site ?
is it safe to give a dog benadryl to help it sleep ?	does giving benadryl to a dog make them sleepy ?	is it safe , to give dogs benadryl in consumption ?
for you what is the meaning of life ?	what is the meaning of life to you ?	what is the meanings of life ?
what has restored your faith in humanity ?	what experience has most restored your faith in humanity ?	what is one incident you saw which restored your faith in humanity ?
what is a good salary in são paulo ?	what is a decent salary in são paulo ?	what is a good salary of round ?
what are the processes involved in manufacturing a punch holder ?	what is the processes involved in manufacturing a punch holder ?	what are the minimum going to attend in poker ?
what is the best earphones under rs 500 in india ?	what are the best earphones under 500 inr ?	which is the best earphones to buy under rs 500 and its link ?
why do girls never fall for nice guys ?	why do not girls fall for the nice guy ?	why do women get so many women ?
what are all the best places to visit in goa ?	which are the best places in goa to visit alone ?	what are the best places to visit in goa ?
should nasdaq merge with nyse ?	should nasdaq merge with the nyse ?	why is wikipedia a safety mint ?
is america still the land of the free ?	is america really the land of the free ?	why america the universe is a free ?
which home loan is best ?	which home loan is the best ?	which license is best ?
what is the expected cut off for upsc prelims 2016 ?	what is the cut off for upsc prelims 2016 ?	how is the expected cut off for upsc prelims 2016 ?
what is a reason for world war ?	what causes war ?	what are the reasons of war ?
what are some best hotel in jaipur ?	what are some best hotels at jaipur ?	what are the best hotels in jaipur ?
how can i increase a new website organic search traffic ?	how can i increase my website organic traffic ?	how can we increase our website earn in quora ?
how do i get the service of the best hacker out there ?	who is the best hacker that can help me ?	how do i get the assistance of an hacker ?
how did you expand your vocabulary ?	how can i increase my vocabulary ?	what is a good way to improve your vocabulary ?
what are some pros and cons of being homeschooled ?	what are the pros and cons of being homeschooled ?	what are some pros and cons of being male ?
what do chinese people think of donald trump ?	what do chinese people think of donald trump victory ?	what do chinese people think of donald trump victory ?
does lipton green tea assist in weight loss ?	how green tea is useful for reducing fat ?	why is green tea associated with fat loss ?
what do an international student need to get a scholarship for mit ?	how does a foreign country student obtain a full scholarship at mit ?	how will your scholarship for mit a scholarship ?
what are uses for darmstadtium ?	what are the uses of darmstadtium ?	what is origin of this theory ?
can we grow after 18 ?	can i still grow at 18 ?	can i grow after 18 ?
has life been found on any other planet ?	is there any evidence of life on other planets ?	is there any other life existing earth ?
what are some of the best mobile gadgets ?	what are some of the best mobile technology gadgets ?	what are some of the best phones gadgets ?
how do i prepare for iit jam physics ?	what is the best way to prepare for iit - jam physics ?	what is the best way to prepare for iit jam physics ?
how does one deal with anxiety ?	how can i deal with stress and anxiety ?	how should i deal with anxiety ?
what is your new year resolution for 2017 ?	what is your resolution for 2017 ?	what are some meaningful new year resolutions for 2017 ?
what are some good novice books for c plus plus ?	what are the best books for cplusplus ?	what are some books to learn cplusplus ?
is drinking distilled water safe ?	is drinking distilled water or zerowater bad for you ?	is smoking hookah safe ?
how do mobile prepaid cell phone plans work ?	how do prepaid mobile service plans work ?	how do prepaid mobile phones work ?
why do people ask questions here in quora instead of just google ?	why do not many people posting questions on quora check google first ?	why do people ask basic questions instead of searching them ?
who made dowry system , boys or the girls ?	who made dowry system , girls or the boys ?	who is sexual system , another candidate ?
what would have happened if hitler did not attack russia ?	what would have happened if the germans had not attacked russia ?	what will happen if hitler did not attack russia ?
how do i break up with him ?	how do i break up with my girlfriend ?	how do i get him to break up with me ?
is it too late to say sorry ?	is it ever too late to apologize ?	is it too late to cool snooker ?
what is it like to undergo depression ?	what is it like to suffer from clinical depression ?	how does it feel to be cheating after depression ?
whose english translation of kamasutra is the best ?	which is the best translation in english of kamasutra ?	what is the best service translation of becoming peace ?
which is the best site to download movies from ?	which best sites to download movies ?	which are best sites to download movies ?
what are some ways of helping control deforestation ?	how can we help control deforestation ?	what are your ways to control emotions ?
how can i see who views my instagram video ?	how can i see who viewed my instagram videos ?	how do i see who is viewing my instagram videos ?
why is the product of two negative numbers always a positive number ?	why does multiplication of two negative numbers produce a positive number ?	why is a negative number multiplied by a negative number ?
what are some symptoms of a bad idle air control sensor ?	what are signs that you have a bad idle air control valve ?	how can i get rid of a bad humidity screen ?
what are some good books like sherlock holmes ?	what is the best book as an alternative for sherlock holmes ?	what are the best books to read to learn look like sherlock ?
how do i get better at portrait photography ?	what are some tips for portrait photography ?	how do i master portrait photography ?
how do people on instagram make money ?	how do people make money from instagram ?	how can someone create money from instagram ?
why do not india ban chinese products to boost it economy ?	should india ban all chinese goods or anything which is made in china ?	why india ca not ban cheap , substandard , harmful chinese goods ?
how can i reduce dandruff ?	how can i reduce dandruff and itching and hairfall ?	what are some ways to decrease dandruff ?
what would make rock music revive ?	what would it take for rock music to make a come back ?	is rock music hands ?
what is the best way to get traffic on your website ?	how do i build traffic to my website ?	what is the best way to drive traffic to a website ?
how can i send a private message through quora ?	how do i send another person a message on quora ?	how do i personal message someone on quora ?
what are the best simple ways to loose weight ?	what are the best things to do when working on losing weight ?	which are the best ways to lose weight ?
how does first time sex feel like ?	how did you feel first time sex as a virgin ?	what does having sex for the first time feel like ?
how do i increase confidence in public speaking ?	how can i gain confidence in public speaking ?	how do i increase my confidence while public speaking ?
how can i lose weight at age 55 ?	how do i lose weight without stopping ?	how do i lose fats and excessive weight from body ?
is it true that the businessman donald trump is broke ?	is there any evidence that donald trump is actually broke ?	is donald trump actually broke ? is he just running for the money ?
do all the religions lead to god ?	do all religions lead to one god ?	do we have any review of god ?
how can i get rid of the fat on my stomach ?	how can i get rid of chub around my stomach area ?	how do i get rid of fat in my midsection ?
what is to hymn ?	what is a hymn ?	what is schizophrenia ?  how to get ?
how do we cost optimize concrete structure ?	what is the best method of cost optimization of concrete structure ?	how do i boost a invention of lan of five ?
what do japanese think of donald trump as a leader ?	what do the japanese think of donald trump ?	what do japanese think of donald trump victory ?
what happen actually after we die ? where does our conciousness go ?	what happens after we die ?	what will happen after we die ? what about our thoughts ?
how do i break my social media addiction ?	how do i overcome my social media addiction ?	how do i break my social media addiction ?
is the illuminati real or fake ?	do the illuminati really exist ?	are the illuminati real ?
how can we preserve charminar ?	what is being done to protect and preserve charminar ?	are there any ways to make acrylic paint ?
java vs csharp which is easy to learn ?	which is faster to learn , java or c# and why ?	java programming languages ?
how can i get back my lost fair skin complexion ?	how do i get my fair skin back ?	how can i get my fair complexion back ?
how would you weigh a plane without scales ?	how do i weigh a plane without a scale ?	how do i weigh a plane without a scale ?
can someone hack into an old phone or flip phone ?	can a flip phone be hacked ?	do some people hack into an phone or a it device ?
what are some ways to get good handwriting ?	what are the ways in which i can improve my handwriting ?	what can i do improve my handwriting ?
is / was quora down ?	was quora down ?	is quora down users ?
how would i make easy money ?	how do i make easy money ?	which is the best way to earn easy ?
can you describe the best moment in your life ?	what are the best moments of your life ?	what the best moment of your life ?
how do i stop procrastinating and wasting time ?	how do i stop procrastination ?	how can one stop being a procrastinator ?
what was the incident that changed my life ?	what was the first incident that changed your whole life ?	can you describe an incident that changed your life ?
how can you retrieve permanently deleted files ?	can you recover permanently deleted files ? how ?	how do i recover permanently deleted files ?
what are current quora demographics - lrb - by country - rrb - ?	what are the demographics of quora users and the main personas ?	how do i know the demographics of quora users ?
what are the top sex movies ?	what are some best sex movies ?	what is best sex movie ?
why is saltwater taffy candy imported in mongolia ?	why is saltwater taffy candy imported in portugal ?	why is saltwater taffy candy imported in canada ?
do you find the rise of china worrying ?	why do some people regard the rise of china as a danger ?	why did the rise of china ?
is there anyway to retrieve my deleted emails from my gmail account ?	how can i recover my old mail from a gmail account ?	how do i recover emails that i deleted forever in gmail ?
what are the best hollywood movies ever ?	which is the best hollywood movie you have seen ?	which is best hollywood movie ever ? why ?
how should i start ias preparation after graduation ?	how can i start preparing for ias exam ? i have four yrs .	how do i start preparing for ias prelims ?
what percentage of the world population lives in developing countries ?	what percent of the world population live in developed countries ?	what percentage of the world population lives in developed countries ?
how can i improve my english by being on quora ?	what is the best way to learn english via quora ?	how can i improve my english on quora ?
is a third world war coming ?	is a third world war imminent ?	is ww3 coming ?
where can i learn seo online ?	how can i learn seo online ?	which is the best seo traffic ?
what is the quickbooks support phone number ?	what is the best quickbooks technical support number ?	which is the best quickbooks data recovery support number in new york ?
what is a power factor ? how important is it ?	what is the significance of power factor ?	how important is power factor ?
beside the surgery , is there any way to stop hair loss ?	besides the surgery , is there any way to stop hair loss ?	how can i stop male hair loss ?
what the history behind america rank insignia ?	what is the history of each america military officer and warrant officer insignia ?	what was the history behind the america of rank less selected on emerging emerging ?
how does the roles of man differ based on the persona description ?	how do the roles of man differ based on the persona description ?	how do most man and protect a man differ from the fastest level ?
airplane piloting : what are some perks of being an airline pilot ?	what are the perks of being a pilot ?	what are some physics characteristics of the british pilot ?
what is the biggest truth in this world ?	what is the biggest truth of this world ?	what is the truth truth about this world ?
what is a double displacement reaction ? what are some examples ?	what are some common examples of double displacement reactions ?	what are characteristics of double values ?
why is saltwater taffy candy imported in austria ?	why is saltwater taffy candy imported in portugal ?	why is saltwater taffy candy imported in italy ?
what is the biggest scam in history ?	what are some of the biggest scams / cons in modern history ?	what is the biggest scam you have ever seen ?
how many times in total can i cancel / reschedule my gre appointment ?	how many times can i reschedule gre exam date ?	how many days are useful given to rank climate pull ?
which programming languages can i use for developing just a simple website ?	which programming language should i use to develop a user interactive website ?	what programming languages do blog ?
are girls more intelligent than boys ?	who are more intelligent , girls or boys ?	are girls smarter than boys ?
what is the average salary of a charted accountant ?	what is the monthly salary of a chartered accountant ?	what is the average salary of a three tax trade police ?
why do seasons exist ?	how do seasons work ?	why does the channel have no bodies ?
how do i contact a real hacker ?	how will i contact a good hacker ?	how do l contact a hacker ?
how does taking laxatives make you lose weight ?	what are the best laxatives to lose weight ?	how do laxative teas make you lose weight ?
what is the difference between being an idiot and being stupid ?	what is the difference between being stupid and being an idiot ?	what is the difference between being loving an idiot and being cool ?
what are some good psychological hacks ?	what are some psychology hacks ?	what are some interesting psychological hacks ?
how can an experienced software developer switch career to data science ?	how would a software developer approach learning data science ?	how can a computer science degree to get into data science ?
which is the best laptop for 60000 ?	which is the best laptop below rs 60000 ?	what is the best laptop for 60000 ?
what is the order of the colors of the rainbow ?	what is the sequence of colours in the rainbow ?	what colors are represented in a rainbow ? how do rainbows appear ?
can the state of texas secede from the union legally ?	can texas secede from the united states ?	how can texas secede legally ?
what is the best way to to make money ?	what is the best way to make money make more money ?	what is best way for earning money ?
why did they dump osama bin laden in the ocean ?	why was osama bin laden buried at sea ?	why was the america election invented in the eyes ?
why is saltwater taffy candy imported in hong kong ?	why is salt water taffy candy imported in france ?	why is saltwater taffy candy imported in germany ?
is it possible to change india name into hindustan or bharath ?	should india change its name to bharat / hindustan ?	what are some of the effective ways to compulsory in india ?
what can i do to stop snoring in my sleep ?	how do i stop snoring during sleep ?	what should i do to stop snoring in my sleep ?
why am i pushing everyone away ?	why do i push everyone away ?	why am i not living in things ?
what are the disadvantages of the internet ?	what is the advantage of internet ?	what are the demerits and advantages of the internet ?
which is a better choice : a macbook pro 2016 or 2015 ?	should i get the 2015 macbook pro or the 2016 macbook pro ?	should i buy a macbook pro or wait for 2016 release ?
how did islam spread in south east asia ?	how did islam spread into south - east asia ?	how did islam spread to castes area ?
how does it feel to kill a human ?	how does it feel to be a murderer ?	what is it like to kill someone ?
what are the side effects of whey protein supplement powder ?	what are the effects of whey protein and water ?	what will be the side after whey protein shake ?
what are some good smartphones under 15000 ?	which mobile i should buy under 15000 ?	which phone is best to buy under 15000 ?
what is difference between patriotism and extreme nationalism and racialism ?	what is the difference of nationalism and patriotism ?	what is difference between nationalism and patriotism ?
why should one read books ?	why should we read more books ?	why should a person read more books ?
which one habit has changed your life entirely ?	what is one habit that changed your life ?	i habit changed your life ?
what is a blind spot ? why is it not seen ?	what is the blind spot ?	why is a blind toy drama ?
what is the platform in which facebook is built ?	on what platform is facebook built ?	what is a social country really like ?
what are the character traits of a chihuahua / pitbull mix ?	what are the character traits of a pitbull / chihuahua mix ?	what character did the character in a labrador mix ?
is it worth it to do an mba ?	is mba worth it ?	is doing an mba course ?
why do some people call narendra modi the butcher of gujarat ?	why is narendra modi called the butcher of gujarat ?	why is the team of the presidency worth the price ?
what are some of the best mystery or thriller books on wattpad ?	what are some of the best mystery / thriller books on wattpad ?	is there a good hotel on a hotel book for a wattpad ?
what are the ways to earn money while studying ?	how can i make money while am still in college ?	how can you make money while you are a student ?
what are the best ways to download youtube videos ?	how do i download youtube videos ?	what is the best way to download youtube videos for free ?
is hillary clinton a dishonest candidate ?	does hillary clinton have a pattern of lies and mistruths ?	why does hillary clinton lie sometimes ?
how can i make my abs show ?	how can i make a six abs body ?	how do i keep my abs show ?
how do i get started on machine learning ?	what is the best way to get started with machine learning ?	how do i start learning machine learning quickly ?
why is donald trump not racist ?	why do people think trump is racist ?	why do some people call donald trump racist ?
why do specific heat capacity of objects differ ?	why do different materials have different specific heat capacities ?	what are the advantages and disadvantages of satellites capacity ?
what is a healthy diet for people with adhd ?	what are healthy diets for people with adhd ?	what does it take for a healthy food with an intelligent ?
how should i get started with machine learning ?	how do i start learning machine learning ?	how do i start machine learning ?
how does one know if a woman is really a virgin or not ?	how do i know a girl is virgin or not ?	how can i know if a woman is a virgin or not ?
how can i get a list of my gmail addresses ?	how do i find all of my gmail accounts ?	how do i get a list of all my gmail accounts ?
what is it like to have a vizsla ?	what is it like owning a vizsla ? what are their eating habits ?	what is it like owning a vizsla ? what their behavior like ?
if there is life after death , why do i live ?	what does life after death look like ?	can we ever know if there is life after death ?
how can i lose max weight in 14 days ?	how do i lose weight fast by perfect weight loss plan ?	what is the fastest way to lose weight successfully ?
how do i make small holes in drinking glass ?	how can i make small holes in drinking glass ?	can i actually pursue a hypocrite hole ?
what is the most effective way to remove stretch marks ?	what the best cream to remove or minimize old stretch marks ?	what is the best method to remove old stretch marks ?
how can i tell if a guy has a boner ?	how do i know if a guy is having a boner ?	if a person was a loser , is it possible ?
criterias to select ceo in software companies ?	what are the criteria to select a ceo in software companies ?	are online stages responsible for a software companies in software companies ?
who will win the 2015 ipl , rcb , csk or mi ?	who will win the 2015 indian premier league ?	which team is going to win the 2015 ipl ?
what is the scientific method ? who invented it ?	who invented the scientific method and how did he / she invent it ?	what a walk method ?
what are the most pointless gadgets ?	what are some useless but cool gadgets ?	what is an example of a movie hacker ?
should i get the new xbox one s ?	should i buy the xbox one s ?	should i get a 2000 three institution ?
what is your favorite music video ?	what are your favorite music and video clips ?	what your favorite music video ?
what other systems work with the respiratory system ?	what other systems work with the respiratory system and how involved are they ?	what is the other system like the respiratory system ?
are there any alternative question and answer websites to quora ?	what are some similar websites to quora ?	are there other websites like quora ?
what are some of your favorite life hacks ?	what is one of your favorite life hacks ?	what are some of your favorite answers activities ever hacked ?
what were some of mother teresa contributions to the world ?	what is mother teresa greatest accomplishment ?	what were mother teresa contribution to society ?
what is the advantage of java over cplusplus ?	what are the benefits of using java over c plus plus ?	what is the importance of java in c plus plus ?
what are considered the best movies about the holocaust ?	what are some best movies about the holocaust ?	what are the best movies about holocaust ?
what is fossil fuel ?	what are fossil fuel ?	what are fossil fuels ?
did something exist before the big bang ?	what was the universe before big bang ?	did matter exist before big - bang ?
what are your top 10 favourite horror movies ?	what are some good horror movies ?	what some best horror movies ?
how do i learn about information security ?	how do i start learning information security ?	how can i learn to program in information problems ?
which is the most erotic movie you have ever watched ?	what are the sexiest , most erotic films ?	what is the most erotic movie ?
how do i change my profile photo in here on quora ?	how do you add a profile picture on quora ?	how do i change profile picture in quora ?
how would mermaids mate ?	how would mermaids have sex ?	how do a capacitor deal with a programmer ?
how can i not procrastinate when i study ?	how do i not procrastinate while studying ?	how do i unsubscribe and progress when i am in study ?
what are the possible ways to commit suicide ?	what is the quickest and less painful way to commit suicide ?	what the absolute easiest way to commit suicide ?
what is the best present you have ever received ?	what is the best gift that you ever recieved ?	what is the best gift you are ever received ?
how can i get student loans without a cosigner ?	how can i get a student loan without a cosigner ?	how can i get admission inside a studies ?
what makes america happy ?	what makes america happy and why ?	why does america happy ?
which technology is used in the current run metro train in mumbai ?	what is the technology used in the mumbai metro train ?	which business burns programs in current bank programs ?
what are the places yet to be discovered on earth ?	is there places on earth that have not been discovered yet ?	how similar are local americans ?
why do not people on quora answer to my questions ?	why does not anyone here answer my questions ?	why do not people answer my question on quora ?
what is the best way to transfer electricity wirelessly ?	how do i transfer electricity wirelessly ?	what the best way to transfer electricity ?
has history been scientifically tested ?	have ancient civilizations been scientifically tested ?	has the ancient khmer empire been scientifically tested ?
what is this up vote and downvote in quora ?	what is up vote in quora ?	what is your up on quora ?
who founded google ?	who are the founders of google ?	who is founder of google ?
`` what your definition of `` friends ?	what exactly is your definition of a friend ?	what is your definition of a friend ?
what are the best books for java beginners ?	what are great books to learn java from ?	what is the best java book for beginners ?
what are your wishes for the upcoming year 2017 ?	what are your wishes for the year 2017 ?	can someone recommend at the making mechanical 2017 ?
what should i do to get an intership at google ?	how do i get an internship from google ?	how can i get an internship at google ?
why do i feel a random sharp pain in my stomach sometimes ?	why am i getting random sharp pains in my stomach ?	why would someone prove a 13 conservative year in my stomach ?
how can i get really good at deducing things like sherlock holmes ?	is it really possible to think like sherlock holmes ?	how can i think and observe like sherlock holmes ?
what is the best lie you ever spun ?	what the best - crafted lie you have ever told ?	what is the best lie ever ?
is tony robbins coaching worth it ?	is tony robbins a fraud ?	is tony robbins fake ?
what are the best lines to propose someone ?	what are some of the best love proposal lines ever said ?	what are some of the best and your best friend to propose ?
where can i find angel investors for an invention ?	where can i find and pitch angel investors ?	where can i find angel investor for my website ?
what has been your most embarrassing moment from childhood ?	what is the most embarrassing thing you did as a kid ?	what was your most embarrassing moment in childhood ?
is akshay kumar , the bollywood actor , a canadian citizen ?	why did akshay kumar take up canadian citizenship ?	is rogue caused a star wars to a canadian team or central case ?
where are the training centers for cognizant ?	where are cts training centers for training freshers located ?	how can i pass a forex motor in cognizant ?
what is the easiest way to enrich vocabulary ?	what is the best way to learn vocabulary ?	how do i expand my vocabulary ?
daniel ek : are there any future plans of releasing spotify in india ?	daniel ek : when will spotify be available in india ?	why has not daniel ek brought spotify to india ?
what is the best time to visit italy ?	when is the best time of year to visit italy ?	when is the best time to visit italy ?
when are the flying cars coming out ?	will flying cars ever be created ?	when will flying cars be invented in the united states out of date ?
what are the most powerful armies of the world ?	which is the most powerful army in the world ?	what are the most powerful male characters ?
do people find dimples attractive ?	why are dimples attractive ?	why are dimples such a cherished trait ?
what can i do in the future ?	what can i do in future ?	what can we do in future ?
how can i get traffic on website ?	what is the best way to drive traffic to a website ?	how do i get more traffic to my site ?
how are convection currents formed ?	what are convection currents and how are they created ?	how are the properties born born born light ?
what is the funniest movie that you have ever watched ?	what the funniest movie you have ever seen ?	what is the funniest movie you have ever watched ?
what are tips for saving money ?	what are the best methods of saving money ?	what are the best tips to save money ?
how do woman feel about pegging men ?	are there any girls that like pegging men ?	what do women feel about pegging men ?
can we use jio sim in 3g phone ?	can i use jio in 3g phone ?	can i use jio sim in 3g handset phone ?
how do i learn ethical hacking as a beginner ?	where can you learn ethical hacking ?	how do i learn ethical hacking ?
how do we time travel ?	do you think time travel is possible ?	is time travel theoretically possible ?
how do i to get rid of acne scars ?	how can i get rid from my acnes ?	what is the best way to get rid of acne ?
can cancer be cured at this point ?	can cancer be cured ?	is it diabetes for cancer if you are vomiting ?
how it is like to be fashion designer ?	what it like to be a fashion designer ?	what it like to be a fashion designer ?
is inflation good ?	how inflation is good sometimes ?	is inflation good ?
what is the best way to download youtube videos for free ?	how can i download youtube videos and audios ?	how do i download or save a youtube video to my computer ?
how can i achieve what i want in life ?	how can i achieve what i want from my life ?	what is the best way to theoretically `` in life ?
which is the best phone under 15000 ?	what is the best phone i can buy under the price of 15000 ?	which is best mobile under 15000 ?
how porn is made ?	how is porn made ?	why is porn made so much ?
what would jon and daenerys think of each other ?	how would daenerys react to jon snow ?	what do scientists think about a aluminum ?
how can i earn money from my facebook page ?	how does a facebook page earn money ?	how can i earn money through a facebook page ?
what is your new years resolution ?	what are your new year resolutions ?	what are your 2017 resolutions ?
how can i improve my pronunciation in english ?	what are the most efficient methods for me to improve my english ?	how can i understand english ?
what is the difference between a star and a delta connection ?	what different between star and delta connections ?	what is the difference between a bully and a bully ?
where can i find delicious cupcakes at gold coast ?	where can i found different cupcake flavors in gold coast ?	where can i get wonderful flavors on cupcakes in gold coast ?
should i commit suicide ? read description .	when is it ok to commit suicide ?	should i commit suicide or not ?
without net neutrality can isps block anything they want ?	do isps want to block websites ?	would isps block website builders if there was not net neutrality ?
how do i synchronise application with server ?	how do i synchronise an application to server ?	how do i get admissions in a pattern ?
who are your best friends and why ?	who is your best friend ? why ?	who is my best friend ?
with donald trump winning elections , should immigrants be worried ?	should immigrants in america be worried about donald trump ?	why do people elect donald trump since he is president ?
how do i memorize faster ?	what is the fastest way to memorize something ?	how do i memorize stuff super easily ?
what could you bring on an airplane before 9 / 11 ?	what was airline security like before 9 / 11 ?	what were airport security checks like before 9 / 11 ?
what should i do to improve my english skill ?	how do you learn english grammar ?	how can i improve my english in a very short time ?
what was the real problem between nazi and jews ?	what is the real problem between nazi and jews ?	what is a logical problem with jews ? why ?
which is the best suitcase for travel ?	what is a good suitcase for travel ?	what are the top three suitable suitable salad engines for the world ?
should you do pull ups every day ?	why should you do pull ups every day ?	should our pull interesting be like every day ?
what is the best tv show of all time , and why ?	which tv show is best ever ?	which tv series should are worth watching ?
how does one become an actor ?	how could i become an actor ?	how can i become an actor ?
how do i publish research papers during engineering ?	where can i publish research papers and engineering projects ?	how do i publish research as an research paper ?
is it possible to create a space elevator using electromagnetic force fields ?	could we create a space elevator using super - powered magnets ?	is it possible to create a magnetic field to create field domain field ?
how do i stop caring about what people think about me ?	how can i be indifferent to what people think of me ?	when will i stop thinking about what other people think ?
what questions should we ask ourselves ?	what questions should we ask ?	what questions do questions need question to fully on quora ?
has the yeti been scientifically tested ?	have hobgoblins been scientifically tested ?	has the bible scientifically tested ?
how may i know whether my wife is cheating on me ?	how do you know if your partner is cheating on you ?	how do i know if my wife cheats ?
what are the east way to hack whatsapp ?	how can i hack whatsapp ?	what is the way to hack whatsapp ?
how can i become rich man ?	how do i become rich ?	how do i become rich man ?
what will star wars episode viii be called ?	what do you think star wars episode viii title will be ?	what is star wars episode and than he are considered to be called ?
which is the best recommended book for ca - cpt ?	which book will be helpful for optional practice to crack ca - cpt ?	which is the best book for ca cpt ?
what does it feel like to work for a startup ?	what is it like to work at a startup ?	what it like to work for a startup ?
what will change from high school to college ?	how does college life differ from high school ?	what will i change if i had a high school student to invest ?
how do we make money online ?	how can i earn money easily online ?	how could i make money online ?
which are must watch bollywood movie for students ?	which are must watch bollywood movies for the students ?	what movie should i watch in bollywood movies for 2017 ?
how can i become an introvert ?	how do i convert to an introvert ?	how can an introvert learn to become an introvert ?
can animals be trans or homosexual ?	do animals exercise homosexuality ?	are we against mahabharata ?
what all can i talk about with my crush ?	what should i talk about with my crush ?	i wan na ever talk to my crush . what should i do ?
what the purpose of life on earth ?	what is the purpose of life ? why are we here ?	what do you feel is the purpose of life ?
how can india be corruption free ?	can india be a corruption free country ?	what if india becomes corruption free ?
how can i get my gmail account back ?	gmail : how can i get back a hijacked gmail account ?	how do i get a gmail email back ?
what are the most embarrassing moments in life ?	what is most embrassing moment of your life ?	what are the embarrassing moment of your life ?
how can i specifically improve my english ?	what the best way to improve english ?	i want to improve my english ?
are you happy with what you are ?	are you happy with what you are now ?	are you happy with what you are ?
how do i prepare for civil service ?	how do i prepare for upsc prelim ?	how should i prepare for ias now ?
who are agatha christie major detectives ?	who are agatha christie main detectives ?	who views rings ?
how should i make notes of news for upse ?	how do i make notes from the hindu ?	how do i make notes from the newspaper the hindu ?
is soy milk as bad as people are saying ?	why is soy milk bad for you ?	is soy milk intelligent as ?
what is the fastest way to lose weight safely ?	how can i lose weight ?	how can i lose weight quickly ?
what are the real examples of karma in real world ?	what the best real life karma you have ever seen / experienced ?	are there real life karma police ?
is centripetal acceleration zero for a uniform circular motion ?	is centripetal acceleration constant in uniform circular motion ?	is seven fluid easier ?  serious marks ?
how likely is it that life forms exist outside earth ?	is there life beyond earth ?	does life exist beyond earth ?
what is the best book for beginners to learn java ?	which book to buy to learn java ?	what is the best java book for beginners ?
how did you meet your current significant other ?	how did you meet your boyfriend / girlfriend ?	where did you meet your current significant ?
what are examples of reflexive and emphatic pronouns ?	what are reflexive and emphatic pronouns ? what are some examples ?	what are some leguminous hollywood movies ?
where can i find a good hacker ?	how can i hire a hacker ?	how do l contact a hacker ?
why was cyrus mistry sacked by ratan tata from tata sons ?	why did the tata sons sacked cyrus mistry ?	why was cyrus mistry sacked ?
what is boot process ?	what exactly is the booting process ?	what is the booting process ?
what are some good hosts that have free website builders ?	what is the best free mobile website builder ?	which site is good for free shirts evolving ?
how much money does a chef make in a year ?	how much money do chefs make ?	how much do you make a restaurant in a year ?
what are some examples of a narrative paragraph ?	what are some examples of narrative paragraph ?	what are examples of a narrative raise ?
what are the best ways to concentrate for study ?	how do i concentrate on my studies ?	how do i concentrate in study ?
can i get a job online as a programmer ?	how can i get an online job as a programmer ?	how do i get job online ?
what are your favorite movies on netflix ?	what are good movies on netflix ?	what movie should i watch on netflix ?
is there any way to hack facebook account ?	how can we hack facebook ?	how can i hack facebook ?
can time travel exist somewhere in our universe already ?	is time travel already possible on earth ?	is it possible to travel time with real life ?
who are the best ceos in history ?	who is best ceo ever ?	who is the best choice in history ?
why do some people commit suicide ?	why some people commit suicide ?	why do you want to commit suicide ?
how do know when you are in love ?	when do you know that you are in love ?	how do you know you are in love with someone ?
how do you send a private message on quora ?	can i send message on quora ?	how do i personal message someone on quora ?
how can you rapidly lose weight in 14days ?	how can i lose max weight in 14 days ?	how can someone lose weight quickly ?
which is the most erotic movie you have ever watched ?	what the most erotic feature film you have seen ?	what is the most erotic movie ?
can i join the military having asthma ?	can i join the military if i have asthma ?	can a military woman join the condom ?
can anyone help me to start a business in india ?	how can i start up a business in india ?	how do i start up new business in india ?
is world wrestling entertainment fights real or fake ?	are the wwe fights scripted and fake ?	is fighting in wwe real or fake ?
can you offer me any advice on how to lose weight ?	what is a good diet to lose weight ?	how do i actually lose weight ?
how is the magnifying power of the microscope calculated ?	how is the total magnification of a microscope calculated ?	what is the causes of the wild of a microscope ?
which is the best friendship song ?	what are the best friendship songs ?	what is the best friendship song ever made ?
why do bats sleep upside down ?	how can bats hang upside down while they sleep ?	why do bats hang and wear sleep ?
what is the future of computer science ?	what will be the future of computer science ?	what are the future of computer science ?
is having a dry throat related to diabetes ?	how is throat dryness associated with diabetes ?	is having a dry throat related to diabetes ?
how do i master my subconscious mind ?	how do i successfully reprogram my subconscious mind ?	how can you access to subconscious mind ?
did the russians use trench dogs during ww1 ?	during ww1 did the russians use dogs ?	did the prime show to watch gay recipes ?
which is the best anime to watch ?	what are some of the best anime shows ?	what is one of best animated ?
has obama been a bad president ?	was / is barack obama a bad / good president ?	is barack obama truly a bad president ?
does girls like oral sex ?	what do girls like about oral sex ?	do all women like oral sex ?  or does date ?
what ngos in bangalore can i volunteer with on weekends or holidays ?	what are some ngos for volunteer work or a short internship in bangalore ?	what bangalore one should immigration opportunities in general ?
how do i improve my english speaking ?	what are some ways to improve english ?	how can i improve my spoken english ?
how can i make money from websites ?	earn money from websites ?	what are the best ways to make money on websites ?
how can i learn singing ?	how can i learn the ability to sing ?	how do i start singing ?
how can you train a blue nose pitbull / english bulldog mix ?	how can you breed a blue nose pitbull / english bulldog mix ?	how do i train a blue dog ?
how do i prepare well for campus placements exam ?	how do i prepare for campus placement ?	how should i prepare myself for campus placements ?
what is so great about leonardo da vinci ?	what are the facts and fiction about leonardo da vinci ?	what are some interesting stories about leonardo da vinci ?
what is lime soda process ?	how is soda lime processed ?	what is being a lesbian - night remote ?
why do i always feel sleepy ?	why does anyone feels so sleepy ?	why do i feel so sleepy so often ?
how did trump win the presidency ?	how did donald trump win the presidency ?	why did donald trump win ?
is time travel possible in next five years ?	do you think time travel is possible ?	is it possible to time travel to past ?
who was charles darwin ?	who was charles darwin ? what were some of his theories ?	who was charles darwin ? what were some of his discoveries ?
how can i meet brits in toronto , ontario , canada ?	where can i meet british people in ontario canada ?	what is the best way to meet british minister in india ?
what should one do to increase confidence ?	how can i increase my confidence ?	how do i increase my confidence ?
who would benefit from global warming ?	what possible benefits might there be to global warming ?	what would be a sure that then disadvantages of global warming ?
how do i add topics on quora from the big list ?	how do i add more topics into my quora feed ?	how do i add tags to my question from which i have had ?
why are bihar and uttar pradesh so underdeveloped ?	why is up and bihar still underdeveloped ?	why are bihar and uttar pradesh so underdeveloped ?
what the most important lesson about life ?	what is the best lesson you have learned from life ?	what is the most important life lesson you have learned so far ?
do you think arvind kejriwal is corrupt ? why or why not ?	is arvind kejriwal corrupt ?	is arvind kejriwal the most corrupt drive ?
i wan na start preparing for ias exam , how should i proceed ?	how do i start preparing for ias prelims ?	should ias preparation start after graduation ?
how do you write longer details for a quora question ?	how do i write more details in a quora question ?	how do i add long details to my quora question ?
how do i remove all porn from earth ?	how can we eliminate porn from earth ?	what is the best way to get rid of porn and masturbation ?
what are the best ways to improve your intelligence ?	how can i improve my intelligence ?	how can i improve my intelligence ?
what the best self defense martial art ?	what is the best martial art for practical use ?	what martial arts do i can make on martial ?
which math book is best for iit - jee ?	which maths book is the best for iit - jee preparation ?	which is the best coaching institute for jee in iit - jee ?
where are the best places to eat in chennai , tamil nadu ?	best places to eat in chennai ?	where can i eat less night in class ?
how do i build my own custom made desktop computer ?	how would one build his own gaming computer ?	how can i start building my own custom pc ?
what is the expected cutoff for kvpy 2016 sa - stream 2016 ?	what is the cut off of kvpy sa stream ?	how was your kvpy sa 2016 ?
how do i stop being insecure unnecessarily in my relationship ?	how do i stop being insecure ?	how should i stop being insecure ?
is washing your hair daily bad ?	is washing your hair daily with shampoo harmful ?	is it bad for my hair is only drinking thin car results ?
what are the benefits of online internet banking ?	what are the benefits on online banking ?	what are the benefits of online an online banking ?
what is the best programming language for a beginner ?	what is a good first programming language to learn ?	what is the best computer programming language to learn first ?
are most people selfish ?	are all people selfish ?	are people selfish ?
where can i find large datasets open to the public ?	where can i find large datasets open to public ?	where can i get central text inside with public family ?
who is your favourite person in your family and why ?	who is your favorite person in family ? and why ?	who is your favourite person in all ?
what is a digital system ?	what is digital system ?	what is a digital system ?
how do one become a better person everyday ?	what can i do everyday to become a better person ?	how do i become a better person and why ?
how can i hack pokemon go ?	pokemon go hack ?	what are some of the tips to hack pokemon go ?
why do we have flavored condoms ?	what is the need to have flavored condoms ?	why do we need to to get judge ?
who invented the light bulb ? how did the idea come to them ?	who invented the light bulb ? how did this invention impact the world ?	who invented the light bulb ? how did he invented it ?
what is ron patronus ?	what is ron weasley patronus ?	what is a skin ? what is that bad ?
what is the best way to teach kids programming ?	what are good ways to teach 12 - year - old child programming ?	what is the best way to introduce 11 your life ?
is it possible to get pregnant before period or after period ends ?	can i get pregnant two days after my period ends ?	can you get pregnant eight days before your period ?
what do you think of egypt ?	what do you think towards our egypt ?	what do you think of when you think of egypt ?
which is the best way to find a good girl ?	how do i find a good girl ?	how do i find a girl ?
what do i do to tackle depression ?	what the best way to tackle depression ?	what should i do to tackle depression ?
what the quickest and most painless way to commit suicide ?	what is the easiest and most painless suicide method ?	what is a sure way to commit suicide ?
when and how will the next stock market crash happen ?	can anyone predict when the next stock - market crash will happen ?	what will be the next generation market look due to his global market ?
what are the best smartphones under 15k in 2016 ?	which is the best phone to buy under 15000 inr ?	which is the best android device to buy under 15000 ?
what was your most embarrassing moment during puberty ?	what is your most embarrassing moment during your puberty ?	what are the most embarassing moment in life ?
does anal sex hurt for men ?	anal sex is painful ?	does anal sex feel for male ?
do you think beau lived a full life ?	do you think beau biden lived a full life ?	does a person fly to a person ?
in layman terms , what is a hedge fund ?	what is hedge funding ?	what is a hedge fund ?
how do you start a bakery ?	how can one start a bakery business ?	how do you start a disable ?  ever ?
is vladimir putin a nationalist ?	is vladimir putin a communist or a nationalist ?	is vladimir putin considered a wall ?
how do i find my gmail password ?	how can i find my forgotten gmail account password ?	how do i recover my gmail password ?
how can i lose an extreme amount of weight ?	how should i lose weight ?	how can i lose post marriage weight ?
how do you recover a disabled google account ?	how do i recover my disabled google account ?	how do you enable a disabled google account ?
what is the difference between ieee 802.11 s and ieee 802.11 n ?	how ieee 802.11 n is used in ieee 802.11 s wireless mesh network ?	what is the difference between nobody post fact and who decided ?
how is it to meet narendra modi ?	how is narendra modi as a person ?	what is like to meet now ?
how do black holes disappear ?	how do black holes die ? has it happened before ?	what are some ways in which a black hole can disappear ?
what would happen if india and pakistan reunites like berlin ?	what would happen if india and pakistan merged ?	could india and pakistan reunite in india fight against pakistan ?
how can i recover my gmail forgot my password and recovery no ?	how do i reset my password to gmail without my recovery information ?	how do i recover my gmail password ?
how did you feel when you had sex for the first time ?	what did it feel like when you first had sex ?	how did you feel after the first time you had sex ?
what should i do to gain some weight ?	what is the best weight gain treatment for gaining weight ?	how do i gain weight ?
how do i deal with a cheating spouse ?	what the best way to deal with a cheating spouse ?	how do i deal with a cheating spouse ?
what are uses of military power supply ?	what are applications of military power supply ?	what are the uses for military power ?
how do i get over someone i just can not get over ?	how can you completely get over someone ?	can you get over someone ?
what do americans think of narendra modi ?	what do americans think of modi ?	what do americans think of modi ?
what the difference between infatuation and real love ?	what is the difference between infatuation and love ?	how would you differentiate between infatuation and love ?
how can someone become rich ?	what are the keys to becoming rich ?	how do i become rich ?
how do i improve the wifi signal at my home ?	how do i improve a weak wifi signal ?	how do i increase my wi signal ?
how do we know if one has self - love ?	how do i know if i love myself ?	how do i know if i am self - love ?
which is the best smartphone i can buy under rs .6000 ?	which is the best phone to buy under rs .6000 ?	which smartphone is best under rs 65000 ?
how do i get free itunes gift cards in india ?	how do i get free itunes gift card ?	how can i get free itunes gift cards online ?
what are come cool facts about ancient pyramids ?	what is the most exiting fact about the pyramids ?	what are the most amazing facts of pyramids ?
what business model does olx use ?	what the business model of olx ?	what business model does gta model ?
who is a better journalist arnab goswami or barkha dutt ?	who is better , arnab goswami or barkha dutt ?	who is a better female game - between thor ?
how do you get over feelings of extreme loneliness ?	how could i over come loneliness ?	how do i get out of loneliness ?
what are the best programming languages to learn today ?	what is the best programming language one must learn to stay updated today ?	what are good programming language to start with before i advance ?
how do i change a qq wechat password ?	how do i reset my wechat password ?	how do i reset my wechat password ?
what are the most inspirational stories ever told ?	what are the most inspirational stories ?	which is the most inspirational story ever ?
how do i increase flexibility ?	how can i have more flexibility ?	how can i increase my fair skills ?
what is that one thing you would want to change in your society ?	what is one thing you would want to change about society ?	what is the one thing that you want to change in your society ?
what is the best quality wall care putty ?	what exactly is wall putty ?	what is the best dry wall young care ?
does masturbation really reduce the sperm count ?	does masturbating twice in a week result in low sperm count ?	does masturbating reduce sperm count ?
does all muslims hate narendra modi ?	do all muslims hate prime minister narendra modi and rss ?	why muslims hate modi government ?
how do i increase concentration power ?	how can i improve my concentration to the best ?	how do i improve my concentration to seo ?
how can i lose 10 kilos ?	how do i lose 20 - 30 kg ?	how can i efficiently lose weight ?
how can i hack the mobile phones of my friends ?	how do i hack phones ?	how can i remotely hack a mobile phone ?
can we actually be able to control gravity ?	will we ever be able to manipulate gravity ?	can we ever exist in gravity smart , which ones ?
what is the fastest way to lose 30 pounds in one month ?	what is it like to lose 30 pounds in one month ?	what is the best way to lose 30 pounds in one month ?
how do stop smoking ?	how did you quit / stop smoking ?	how do i quit smoking ? how ?
which is the most least corrupted political party in india ?	which is the most corrupt political party of india ?	which is the most least intelligent in india ?
what are the chances of ww3 ?	is there going to be a ww3 ?	are we on the verge of ww3 ?
what does it take to be a successful ?	what does it take to suceed in life ?	how can i become successful ?
what is the exercise to remove belly fat for girls ?	what set of exercises will burn belly fat in a month ?	how does one remove belly fat from male ?
what is modulation ? what are the pros and cons ?	what are the cons of phase modulation ?	what are the pros and cons of modulation ?
what happens if we drink dilute hcl ?	what will happen if someone drinks dilute hcl ?	what happens if i drink a day to drink an intern ?
are there any pokemon games that can be played on xbox 360 ?	do they have any pokemon games that can be played on xbox 360 ?	what are some hilarious pokemon learning qualifications information ?
if god has created the world then who created god ?	who created god if god created the universe ?	if god has created the right is created what you exists ?
which is the best laptop under rs 25000 ?	which is the best laptop model within 25000 rupees ?	which laptop is best under 25000 ?
how should i start my preparation for the ias exam ?	how do i start preparing for upsc exam ?	how do i start preparation for ias exam ?
what are some valuable life lessons you have learnt from your teenage years ?	what are the life lessons you have learned in your teenage years ?	what are the real life lessons you have learnt from your teenage year ?
is there still any country under colonial rule ?	what countries are still under british rule ?	what countries are under british rule ?
how does one become an actor ?	how should i become an actor ?	how can i become an actor ?
what do people think of chinese people ?	what is your impression of chinese people ?	what do chinese people think of chinese people ?
what is the relationship between north korea and japan ?	what is the relationship like between north korea and japan ?	how is north korea different from japan ?
how can i get rid of acne and scars ?	how can i get rid of my acne caused by stress ?	what is the best way to get rid of acne ?
which is the best intelligence agency across the world ?	what is the world best intelligence service ?	which are the best are fish and the around the world ?
can hadoop replace data warehouse ?	can hadoop be used as a replacement of data warehouse ?	can a computer house reverse data colors ?
how can i get to know that a girl is virgin or not ?	how do i know if a girl is a virgin ?	how can i know if a girl is virgin or not ?
are you for or against immigration in singapore ?	what is your view on the immigration policies in singapore ?	is there any logical hindi feels for singapore ?
how can i cure my hormonal acne ?	how did you cure your acne ?	is there any way to get rid of acne ?
how is culture important in life ?	what is the importance of culture in our life ?	what is the culture of culture ?
`` will donald trump `` make america great again ?	what will trump do to make america great again ?	will donald trump really make america great again ?
how much will it cost to create a website in india ?	how much does it costs to build a website in india ?	how much will it cost to have a website in india ?
how do i stop thinking about my ex gf ?	how can i stop thinking about my ex - girlfriend ?	how do i stop myself from thinking about my ex ?
how do students of iiit allahabad and iiit hyderabad prepare for competitive coding ?	how do students of iiit allahabad and iiit hyderabad prepare for competitive programming ?	how do students of iiit notification people for competitive ?
why do ceiling fans rotate anti - clockwise and table - fans clockwise ?	why do table and ceiling fans rotate in the opposite direction ?	why do ceiling fans and table fans rotate in different directions ?
how can i get rid of acne and its effect ?	how do i get rid of my acne and get nice skin ?	what is the best way to get rid of acne ?
how do you become a successfull game developer ?	how can i become a game developer ?	how can i become a game developer ?
how does long distance relationship work ?	can you help me with tips for a successful long distance relationship ?	how do i cope with a long distance relationship ?
what are arguments in support of the dakota access pipeline ?	why is the dakota access pipeline going forward ?	what are the arguments against in the dakota access pipeline ?
how does expiry date is calculated for medicins ?	how do pharmaceutical compute the expiry date of a medicine ?	how the preparing for off the gre ?
how do i raise funds for a startup business idea ?	who do i contact to raise money for my startup idea ?	how do i get to startup seed old startup ?
how can i stop myself from wasting time on the net ?	how do i stop wasting my time on the internet ?	how can i stop wasting time on unproductive websites ?
how can i overcome my depression and my fears ?	how should i overcome anxiety and depression ?	how does one overcome depression and anxiety ?
what can substitute red wine in cooking ?	what is a good substitute for red wine in cooking ?	what is a good replacement for red wine in cooking ?
how do i add photos to my questions on quora ?	can i add images to my questions on quora ?	how do i add photos to my questions on quora ?
what are some of the best ways to speed up a computer ?	what are some ways you can speed up your laptops overall speed ?	how do i speed up my laptop ?
`` what does `` home country mean to every one ?	`` what does `` home country mean ?	what does a home country mean for international every year ?
does visualization really work ?	does creative visualization work ? if so what is the correct procedure ?	does visualization really work ?
what is the difference between baking soda and baking powder ?	what is the difference between baking powder and baking soda ?	what is the difference between baking powder and baking soda ?
what is your opinion on the results of the 2016 presidential election ?	what is your opinion on the america presidential election ?	what are your thoughts on the 2016 america presidential election ?
how can i sharpen my data interpretation skill ?	how do i improve my data interpretation skills ?	how should i sharpen my data habit ?
what are the common puzzles asked in an interview ?	what are the puzzles asked in an interview ?	what are the standard puzzles asked in interviews ?
which are some of the best horror movies of all time ?	what are some best of best horror movies ever made ?	which are the most scariest movies of all time ?
how we can know our abilities ?	how can i know my abilities ?	how do we know that we know ?
what should i do to get rid of my huge stomach ?	how can i get rid of chub around my stomach area ?	how do i get rid of fat ?
can i get my answers in hindi language ?	can i ask and get answers in hindi ?	where can i get my answers to get my order in hindi ?
what are the pros and cons of python ?	what are some pros and cons of python ?	what are the pros and cons of learning python ?
why does the america government borrow monry to pay its bills ?	why does the america government borrow money to pay its bills ?	why america student could pay from not to pay its finance ?
what is the difference between net assets and equity ?	what is the difference between equity and net assets in terms of accounting ?	what is the difference between web and net shivaay ?
how do you think demonetisation will affect indian economy ?	what will be the effect of demonetisation on indian economy ?	how will the demonetization of indian currency affect india economy ?
why has this engineering life became so miserable ?	why has this engineering life become so miserable ?	why has engineering changed so so far ?
does india needs a dictatorship ?	do you think india needs a dictator ?	does india stand for a dictatorship sleep ?
how does a great white shark adapt to its enviroment ?	what are some adaptations of the great white shark ?	what are the adaptations of a great white shark ?
how can i build a meditation habit ?	how do i start meditation practice ?	how do you start a meditation habit ?
how can i become an airline pilot ?	what do you have to do to become an airline pilot ?	fashion of : what are some ways to invest an airline pilot ?
how do i know my spouse is cheating ?	how do i know if my wife cheats ?	how do you know if your partner is cheating on you ?
where can i find / employ a real hacker ?	how can i hire a professional hacker ?	how do i hire a hacker ?
how do i become comfortable singing in front of people ?	how do i become more comfortable singing infront of people ?	how do i become consistent of front of people ?
how can i find all my old gmail accounts ?	how do i get a list of my gmail accounts ?	how do i find my old gmail account back ?
can you make money with bitcoin ?	how do you make money with bitcoin ?	can you make money from bitcoin ?
i would like to prepare for kvpy sx.how can i do it ?	how do i prepare for the kvpy sx ?	how do i prepare for kvpy class 2017 ?
what the best animated anime ?	what are some of the best animated movies ?	what are some best anime ?
what are the largest ski resorts in the world ?	which is the largest ski resort of the world ?	what are the islam totally experiences ?
how can you increase your height ?	how do i increase height after puberty ?	how do i increase body height ?
what are the most inspiring stories of late bloomers ?	what are some of the most inspiring stories of late bloomers ?	what are some most inspiring stories ?
why is infidelity frowned upon ?	why is infidelity looked down upon ?	why is this standard of peace released ?
why do my questions on quora need improving ?	can people still see questions that are marked as needing improving ?	why do my questions on quora need improving ?
what are the advantages of introvert ?	what is the advantage of being introvert ?	what are the advantages of being a introvert person ?
how do i remain calm all the time ?	how do i remain calm at all times ?	what should i do to be if i am supposed to physical ?
how is the speed of light calculated ?	how is speed of light calculated ?	how speed caused to light from light ?
how can i grow a beard faster ?	how can i grow my beard faster naturally ?	how do i grow a beard fast ?
how do people know she is the one ?	how did you know she / he is the one ?	how do people know that she is the one ?
how is it working for google ?	what it like working at google ?	what is it like to work at google ?
is outer space infinite ?	is outer space really infinite ?	is outer space infinite or there exist an end to it ?
which is the best quickbooks data recovery support number in new york ?	what is the best quickbooks support number in arkansas ?	what are the best intuit quickbooks support plans ?
how can i overcome my social anxietyl ?	how do i overcome my social anxiety ?	how do i overcome social anxiety ?
why does wifi turn on in airplane mode ?	why does wifi turn on in airplane mode on a phone ?	why is my goal arts on dollar mode ?
why were the 500 and 1000 rupee notes demonetized ?	why modi is putting a ban on 500 and 1000 notes ?	why modi is not rs dollar demonetisation ?
how can i earn money easily online ?	how could i make money online ?	how can i earn money online ?
what does cellulose do ?	what is cellulose used for ?	what is the demographic
is it possible to invent the time machine ?	is it possible that one day a time machine would be created ?	is it possible make your laptop machine ?
what is your new year resolution for 2017 or goal for 2017 ?	what is your new year resolutions for 2017 ?	do you have any new years resolutions for 2017 ?
what are the best source to learn data structure from scratch ?	which is the best source to learn data structure from scratch ?	what are the best resources to learn data structure from scratch ?
can i learn martial arts on my own ?	how can i learn martial arts in my home ?	how can i learn martial arts more ability ?
what did the declaration of independence do ?	what is the importance of the declaration of independence ?	what did the common officer do ?
what is r programming ?	what is r in programming ?	what is a r programming language ?
what are the best books to read on cognitive psychology ?	what are some good books on cognitive psychology ?	what are the best books about cognitive psychology ?
what are the benefits of drinking mint green tea ?	what are the health benefits of mint tea ?	what are some benefits of drinking mint tea ?
what is it like kill someone ?	how does it feel to kill a human ?	what it like to be born with easy ?
why do i love dogs so much ?	why do humans love dogs so much ?	why do i love dogs ?
are not gods aliens , especially hindu gods ?	are the hindu gods advanced extraterrestrial aliens ?	what are the mad alien permission that you have meaningful ?
who is the wealthiest entertainer in the world ?	who is the richest entertainer in the world ?	what is the wealthiest fact of the world ?
which is the best mobile phone to gift your parents ?	what mobile phone will be the best to gift to my parents ?	which one is the best phone to buy my virginity ?
what is illuminati ? what does it do ?	what is illuminati ?	what are the illuminati ?
why is saltwater taffy candy imported in austria ?	why is salt water taffy candy either imported or unknown outside america ?	why is saltwater taffy candy imported in italy ?
which is the best headphones under 5000 ?	what would be the best headphones to buy under inr 5000 ?	which headphone is best under inr 5000 ?
where do i start learning machine learning ?	where should i start for machine learning ?	how do i start learning machine learning ?
is there anything faster than the speed of light ?	is there a faster than the speed of light ?	is there something that can prove faster than light ?
which books should one refer for ca ipcc ?	what are some good books for ca ipcc preparation ?	what are the best books for preparing to ca ipcc ?
will the twin towers be rebuilt ? why or why not ?	why have not the twin towers been rebuilt ?	what would the first child to hate babies ?
what is main problem of india ?	what are the main problems of india ?	what is the main problem faced designer ?
should the world evolve toward one universal language ?	could and should the world have a universal language ?	would it better if the whole world spoke in one common language ?
what do hamsters like to eat besides vegetables and hamster food ?	what can hamsters eat besides hamster food ?	can hamsters eat cheese ?
why is lightning considered a plasma ?	why is lightning considered plasma , but electricity is not ?	why torrents is a plasma corrupt ?
how can i make money via youtube ?	how can i make money on youtube ?	how do i make money through youtube ?
at what age do boys height stop increasing ?	until what age does a boy height increase ?	what is it that i can do to increase my height ?
how do recruiters make money ?	how do recruiting agencies make money ?	how do some reasons people like making money ?
which party has chances of victory in upcoming punjab election ?	which party has chances of victory in the 2017 elections in punjab ?	which party will win in punjab ?
what is the process of buying shares and minimum amount require ?	what is the minimum amount for buying shares ?	which is the process of waterproof ?
why did hillary clinton lose the america election 2016 ?	why did hillary clinton loose the 2016 presidential election ?	why was hillary clinton going to win the 2016 america presidential election ?
how can we calculate atomic mass ?	how do you calculate the atomic mass of an element ?	how do you calculate the atomic mass of someone ?
what is the best mba college ?	where is the best mba college ?	what are the top 10 best mba colleges in college ?
is lexus better than toyota ?	should i buy lexus or toyota ?	how can asphalt be more stronger ?
how do i overcome my distractions ?	how do i overcome from distractions ?	how can i get over my i m old when i m bored ?
how should i start to learn c language ?	how can i study c language ?	how should i get started with c ?
what are some of the best tricks to get free rides on uber ?	what is the way to get free uber rides ?	what are some great tricks to get free hacking ?
how do i earn money with website ?	how can i earn money by a website ?	how do i earn money with a blog ?
what coding language should i learn first for making games ?	what programming languages / softwares do i need to learn to design games ?	what programming language should i learn if i want to create games ?
which is the best web hosting site ?	which is the best web hosting ?	what is the best web hosting service ?
what is the funniest video ever ?	what is funniest video you have ever watched ?	which is the funniest video according to you ?
what are some examples of economic activities ?	what are economic activities ? what are some examples of this ?	what are some examples of some economic words ?
which are some of your favourite tv series ?	what tv shows do you like to watch ?	which is your favourite tv series and why is that so ?
is air considered a fluid or a gas ? why ?	is air considered a fluid ?	is wwe considered wireless wwe ?
which country has the largest number of atheists ?	which country has biggest number of atheist people ?	which country has the largest number of atheists ?
what does it feel like to be on quora ?	what does it feel like to post on quora ?	what is it like to be at quora ?
why do we need to reading books ?	why should we read more books ?	why we should read books ?
what are some of the worst questions asked on quora ?	what are some funniest questions ever asked on quora ?	what are the wittiest and funniest questions on quora ?
will there be a world war 3 soon ?	is there a war coming ?	how likely is world war 3 in the future ?
what is the trick to maintaining long distance relationships ?	do long distance relationships ever work out ?	how will long distance relationship work ?
how do i study for gre ?	what is the best way to study for gre ?	how should i study for my study ?
why do men cheat in a relationship ?	why men cheat ?	why do men cheats on their wives ?
what is the best way to start with robotics ?	what is good way to learn robotics ?	what is the best way to start learning robotics ?
how can i earn money in youtube ?	how do i make money with youtube ?	how do i make money through youtube ?
what were the effects of the protestant reformation ?	what was the protestant reformation ? what were some of the consequences ?	what are the different and negative effects of pathogens ?
daniel ek : when will spotify be available for indian customers ?	is spotify not available in india ?	why is spotify not available in india ?
how do i know if my spouse is cheating ?	how can i know if my spouse is cheating ?	how do you know if your partner is cheating on you ?
which are the best hotels in jaipur city for a family stay ?	what are some hotels in jaipur city for a family trip ?	what are some best hotels in jaipur ?
how do i build a strong resume ?	how can i make my resume ?	how do you build a better resume ?
how do i cope with a long distance relationship ?	what are the best ways to keep a long distance love relationship happy ?	what does it take for a successful long distance relationship ?
how can i lose weight in a month without doing exercise ?	how can i lose weight fast without exercise ?	can you lose weight without exercising ?
what is good with the indian education system ?	what are some good things in the indian education system ?	what are your opinion on indian education system ?
why is donald trump liked ?	why is donald trump so well - liked ?	why do people like donald trump ?
why india fails to get medals in olympics ?	what are the reasons behind the poor performance of india in olympics ?	why does india perform so poorly at the olympics ?
which country has a better future : communist china or democractic india ?	in the future which country is better china or india ?	which country has better england and games india ?
how do you restore a dell inspiron 1525 to the factory settings ?	how do you restore a dell inspiron b130 to the factory settings ?	how do you factory reset a dell computer ?
how can i know whether i m beautiful ?	how do you know if you are pretty ?	how do you know if you are pretty ?
how can i manage my anger ?	how can we control anger ?	what should i do to overcome my anger ?
how do i force myself to stop loving him ?	how can i stop loving someone ?	how can i stop myself from loving someone ?
what should i do to get money ?	how can you get money without having money ?	how do you get money ?
what are some interesting facts about shah rukh khan ?	what are the eight amazing facts about shah rukh khan ?	what are some interesting facts about shah rukh khan ?
what should i do if an unknown number keeps calling and hanging up ?	what should i do if an unknown number keeps on calling me ?	what should i do if an best number keeps does drawing control ?
is there some painless way to suicide ?	what is the best , and painless way to kill myself ?	what is an easy way to commit suicide ?
how wax kvpy sx stream exam ?	how difficult was kvpy sx 2016 ?	how much will dynamic test plan provide final year for beginners ?
what exactly is rothschild conspiracy ?	what is the whole theory behind the rothschild illuminati conspiracy ?	what is the rothschild conspiracy ? is it actually real ?
what are the examples of theory of relativity ?	what is an example of the theory of relativity ?	what are some scientific or relativity skills of relativity ?
can i earn money online ?	how can i earn money online ?	how do we make money online ?
why did tata sons removed / sacked cyrus mistry as the chairman ?	why tata sons replaced cyrus mistry to ratan tata ?	why has the tata sons board voted to remove cyrus mistry as chairman ?
which is more important for a mobile / pc , ram or processor ?	is ram size or processor speed more important ?	which is more important , a budget or a laptop ?
what is a honey bee hive made of ?	what are bees nests made out of ?	what is the honey of a field as a student ?
why do women prefer thick cock ?	do women prefer a large cock ?	do women prefer sex with well endowed cocks ?
which is the best institute in delhi for gmat coaching ?	which is the best institute for preparing for gmat in delhi / ncr ?	which is the best institute for gmat preparations ?
what are some good photo editing apps for android ?	which is the best photo editing app for android ?	what is the best photo editing app for android mobile ?
why is autism painful ?	why is autism sensory issues painful ?	why does autism shake ?
why do galaxies have a spiral shape ?	why are galaxies spirally shaped ?	do the hindus need a review ?
what are the best solutions to overcome anxiety and depression after breakup ?	how do i overcome depression after breakup ?	how can i overcome anxiety by fat ?
do you belive that nasa really send the curiosity robot on mars ?	do you believe that nasa really sent the curiosity rover to mars ?	could a america student forget about the fifth million of the rise ?
`` how do i know a woman has `` feelings for me ?	how do i know if a woman likes me ?	how do i know why i am unhappy ?
i have a one page website . can i use seo on it ?	is it possible to do seo on a one page website ?	`` how did you spend a person off a website on earth ?
what are some good tips to lose weight ?	what are some good gym exercises for losing weight ?	what are the best home exercises to lose weight ?
why would donald trump make a good president ?	would donald trump be a good president ?	do you think donald trump will make a good america president ?
how do i prepare for class 10 ?	what is the best way to prepare for class 10 ?	how should i prepare for class myself ?
what is the best way to prepare for gre exam ?	what is the best way to prepare for the exam of gre ?	what are the best ways to prepare for gre ?
what are some tricks to sleep instantly ?	how do i get sleep instantly ?	what are the best ways to avoid sleeping being twitching ?
what is the most durable tempered glass screen for oneplus three ?	which tempered glass should i buy for an oneplus three ?	what would be the one divorce against a oneplus three ?
should i upgrade to windows 10 ?	is it good to upgrade to windows 10 ?	should i migrate from windows seven ?
why is talking to girls online about my fetish easier ?	why is talking about my fetish online easier ?	why is talking about my fetish online easier ?
what is the easiest way to get rid of black elbows ?	how can i get rid of the dark elbow and knee ?	how do i get rid of black knee and elbow ?
what is , in your opinion , the best book cover ever ?	books : which is the best cover page you have ever seen ?	what is your favorite book cover , and why ?  ?  ?
can i get out of a break up ?	how do i come out of my break up ?	how do i get out of a break up ?
how can i learn to become more disciplined ?	how does one become more disciplined ?	what are the ways to enter disciplined ?
what rovers are still active on mars ?	which mars rovers are still working ?	what are your admission one 50k a 50k ?
what is the best gift you have recieved from someone ?	which is the best gift that you have ever received ?	what is the best tangible gift you have ever received ?
does anxiety go away on its own ?	will anxiety go away ?	does anxiety go away ?
what is the future of software companies in madhya pradesh , india ?	what is the future of software companies in madhya pradesh ?	what are the future of software developers in india ?
is there a book that changed your life ? why ?	what is the best book that has changed your life ?	what was the best book that changed your life ?
how do you earn money from internet ?	can i earn money online ?	how can i earn money online from home only ?
does geographic tongue hurt ?	why does geographic tongue sometimes hurt ?	what is geographic tongue ? does it hurt ?
what is the best way to prepare for competitive exams ?	how should i prepare for competitive exam ?	what is the best way to prepare for competitive exams ?
do women enjoy the taste of semen ?	do girls really enjoy the taste of semen ?	do women like semen up ?
what is the function of special interest groups ? how were they established ?	what are the functions of special interest groups ?	what are some components of others after started ?
how do i earn via writing blog ?	how can i earn money by writing a blog ?	how do i earn money through a blog ?
what was your biggest mistake ?	what do you think was the biggest mistake of your life ?	what was the biggest mistake of your life ?
what is the best way to choose colleges to apply to ?	what are good ways to research and choose colleges to apply to ?	what are some good ways to apply for universities ?
how do i increase my concentration ?	how can i increase my concentration ?	how do we increase concentration ?
what are the different types of servers ?	what are the types of servers ?	what are the different types of a different types ?
how can i wake up without an alarm clock ?	how do you guys wake up without an alarm clock ?	how do you wake up early without an alarm clock ?
how did you quit / stop smoking ?	how do i quit smoking ? how ?	how do you quit smoking ?
how would life be after death ?	what does life after death look like ?	if there is life after death , why do i live ?
is it possible for an individual to become a trillionaire ?	is it possible for someone to become a trillionaire ?	how can an old person become a trillionaire ?
how do i know when a girl is interested in me ?	how can i know girl is interested in me or not ?	how do i know when a girl is interested in me ?
when did the neocortex develop ?	when does the neocortex develop ?	when did the dialogue and figure become released ?
why do i want to sleep immediately after an orgasm ?	why do people sleep after orgasm ?	why do we sleep during orgasm ?
what are some of the types of cliques in high school ?	what are examples of cliques in high school ?	what are examples of effective types of high school ?
what are the dark life lessons ?	what are some of the dark lessons that life showed you ?	what is deep life lesson ?
how do i flush my system of meth in 24 hrs ?	can i get meth out of my system in 24 hours ?	what can i do if i ca not produce cheap screen ?
how do i prepare for cpt ?	how can i prepare to do ca capt ?	how can i prepare for ca cpt ?
what is a psychology ?	what is psychology ?	what is the psychology ?
how can i learn a new language by myself ?	what is the best way to learn a language by yourself ?	is it possible to learn a new language ?
can psychopaths suffer from addiction ?	can psychopaths have addictions ?	is there any method to develop intelligence from a addiction ?
is there life on mars ?	does life exits on mars ?	how can i push visited my life in existed ?
how do i contact yahoo ! customer service ?	how do i contact yahoo customer service ?	how do i contact yahoo customer care ?
what does sex feel for a man ?	what does sex feel like from a man prespective ?	what does sex feel like for men ?
how do you deal with grief after losing a loved one ?	what are the best ways to come out of grief after losing someone ?	what can cause a boy to know when you are vomiting ?
what do you mean by enterprise level mobile application ?	what do you mean by enterprise mobility solutions ?	what is the meaning of small antivirus ?
why do we need to philosophize ?	why do we need to philosophize with others ?	why do i need to philosophize with others ?
which is the best company for web and mobile application development services ?	who are the best mobile app development companies ?	which is the best company for web application and mobile course ?
which is the best pc game that you have played in 2016 ?	which are the best pc games of 2016 ?	which is the best pc game of 2016 ?
what are the disadvantages of investing in gold ?	what are the advantages and disadvantages of investing in gold ?	what are the disadvantages of investing in gold ?
which countries could collapse within the next ten years ?	which countries do you think would collapse within 10 years ?	which america close america will win on the two future ?
how do you make a great book trailer ?	how can i make a good book trailer for upcoming novel ?	what should i do to make a good book that create a search bond ?
which is better for bsc physics iisc , bangalore or du ?	which is better for bsc physics du or iisc bangalore ?	which one is better for physics or undergraduate for kernel with bangalore ?
is there anyway to retrieve my deleted emails from my gmail account ?	how can i recover my emails from my gmail account ?	how do i recover emails that i deleted forever in gmail ?
how do i improve my ielts writing score ?	how do i improve the writing score in ielts ?	how is the safe medical diet plan ?
how shall i prepare for ibps po interview ?	how do you prepare for an ibps po interview ?	how do i prepare for ibps po interview ?
what are good examples of data flow diagrams for an inventory management system ?	what are good examples of data flow diagrams for an inventory system ?	what are some examples of data analytics for an inventory skills eight tata ?
how do i remove the water stuck in my ear ?	what is the best technique to remove water from one ear ?	how do i remove the water stuck in my ear ?
how can i earn money through youtube ?	how do i make money with youtube ?	how do i make money through youtube ?
how can anyone increase height ?	do running increase your height ?	how do i increase body height ?
what are the two best lines of poetry or shayari ?	what is the best two line shayari ?	what is the best line line by poetry ?
how is it possible to record a trillion frames per second ?	how is a camera able to capture trillions of frames per second ?	is there any fastest way to put a father from a friend ?
does the black knight satellite actually exist ?	what is the black knight satellite and does it really exist ?	what are some facts about the black knight satellite ?
what are some best novels that every teenager should read ?	what are the best novel teenagers can read ?	what are the best novels i should read ?
which are the most overrated movies in 2016 ?	what are some of the most overrated movies in 2016 ? and why ?	what is the most overrated movie of 2016 ?
what the difference between zapier and ifttt ?	what is the difference between zapier and ifttt ?	what is the difference between 21st and turning ?
how do i overcome depression and jealousy ?	how do you overcome depression and loneliness ?	what should i do to overcome depression ?
what is border gateway protocol ?	what does border gateway protocol mean ?	what is soft usually used for ?
how can you hack into somebody bank account ?	how do i get in to a hacked bank account ?	how do you hack bank accounts ?
how did donald trump win the elections ?	how did trump win the presidential election ?	why did trump win ?
who will be win in america : hillary or trump ?	will hillary win ?	who will win the election ? donald trump or hillary clinton ?
how i can increase subscribers on my youtube channel ?	how do i increase my youtube subscribers ?	how do i to increase my youtube channel subscriber ?
how should i study ?	how can i do effective self study ?	what should i do to focus on my study ?
how do you get better grades ?	how do i improve my grades ?	what can i do to get better grades next quarter ?
what is the best course , training book or resource on seo ?	what the best course , training , book , or resource on seo ?	what are the best courses for training for a beginner novels ?
what should i do to improve my tennis ?	how can i improve my tennis skills ?	how do you develop to tennis your tennis game ?
why is hemraj vikramaditya not given his due in indian history ?	why is hemraj vikramaditya so grossly overlooked by indian historians ?	why is this pacific star not being a person ?
define law of demand ?	what is law of demand ?	define law of demand ?
what are the works of a general contractor ?	what are the responsibilities of general contractor ?	what are the works of a general contractor ?
can you suggest a best budget phone below 15000 ?	which is the best smartphone within 15000 ?	which phone should i buy under 15000 ?
what should india do on uri attack ?	how should india respond to uri attacks ?	what should be india best reply to pakistan after uri attack ?
what is your strategy for trading binary options ?	what are the best binary options trading strategy ?	which is best strategy to earn money from binary options ?
is it too late for any age person to learn computer programming ?	is it too late to start learn programming again ?	is it ever too late for someone to learn how to program ?
what the painless method to die ?	what are some painless ways to die ?	what is a sure way to commit suicide ?
what your favorite food to eat ?	what is your favorite food and dessert ?	what are your favorite foods ?
how can i use a satellite tv dish for internet ?	how can you use satellite tv to get free internet ?	how do i use a satellite tv video ?
does allah mean god ?	does the word `` allah mean god ?	do you believe in god ? why , or why not ?
why is sleep paralysis dangerous ?	is sleep paralysis bad for you ?	is sleep paralysis dangerous ?
why do men like breasts ?	why are men so obsessed with breasts ?	why men like to get breasts ?
how do i save money with small earnings ?	what is a good way to save money with a small salary ?	can you save money with dual citizenship ?
how can you increase your height ?	which exercise type help you to increase your height ?	how do i increase body height ?
what role did the united states play in the vietnam war ?	what was the role of america in vietnam war ?	what was the role of united states play in the vietnam war ?
how can i build my business ?	what is the best way to build a business ?	how do i build a business ?
what is the best free online iq test ?	what is the best online iq test ?	what is best site for a free iq test ?
what are some quick and painless ways to kill myself ?	what is the best and painless way to kill yourself ?	how can i painlessly kill ?
is nitrogen good for tires ?	what are some of the advantages of filling nitrogen gas filling in tires ?	is it good to have a nitrogen filled tire ?
why do not people on quora answer to my questions ?	why is no one giving me an answer to my questions ?	why do not people answer my question on quora ?
how can i increase the organic search traffic to my site ?	how do i get organic traffic on my site ?	how can i increase my website organic search traffic ?
why do we celebrate new year on january one ?	why do we celebrate january 1st as the new year ?	why new year is celebrated on 1st january ?
how can i increase the traffic to my website ?	how can i increase traffic to my website using social media ?	how do i increase traffic on my site ?
what is really the point of life ?	what is the point of doing everything we do in life ?	what the point of life ?
why do indian muslims hate p.m. narendra modi ?	why does many muslims hate modi ?	why muslims hate modi government ?
why is saltwater taffy candy imported in the philippines ?	why are saltwater taffy imported in japan ?	why is saltwater taffy candy imported in south korea ?
where can we find videocon service center in hyderabad ?	where is best videocon service center in hyderabad ?	which is the best videocon service center in hyderabad ?
is eating soda the same as baking soda ?	how do cooking soda and baking soda differ ?	is cooking soda same as baking soda ?
what are the worst mistakes of your life ?	what is the worst thing you did by mistake in your life ?	what is the worst mistake of your life ?
can we expect time travel to become a reality ?	will time travel ever become possable ?	is time travel possible ? if yes ? how ?
how does it feel to have sex with a stranger ?	how is it like to have sex with a stranger ?	what is it like to have sex with a stranger ?
what force caused the big bang ?	which elements collision caused big bang ?	what caused the big bang ?
how can i approach my university crush ?	how can i approach to a girl i like ?	how do i begin to talk to my crush ?
have you seen bigfoot ?	have you ever seen bigfoot ?	have you ever seen a bigfoot ?
where can i learn java for android development ?	should i learn java for android development ?	where can i learn java for android development ?
what are your resolutions for 2017 ? and why ?	what are your 2017 resolutions and why ?	what would be your new year resolutions for 2017 ?
how can i get money easily ?	how do i make money easily ?	how do i make money easily ?
how can we control anger ?	how do you control your anger ?	what should i do for controlling anger ?
what is operation research ?	what is operational research ?	what is the contribution of operations research ?
why are the lathe centres made tapered ?	why are the centre lathes made tapered ?	why is a lathe must not peace ?
`` why do people say `` bless you whenever someone sneezes ?	why do people say god bless you when you sneeze ?	`` why do they say `` god bless you if we sneeze ?
why did not many people vote for bernie sanders ?	why many america people did not vote bernie sanders for the president ?	why do not people vote for bernie sanders ?
what is the method to calculate atomic mass ?	how can we calculate atomic mass ?	how do you calculate the atomic mass of someone ?
how can i remove a virus from my phone ?	how can i remove viruses from my phone ?	how can i remove virus from a mobile phone ?
what is the most selfless act you have ever witnessed ?	what is the most selfless act you have ever witnessed ?	what is the most selfless act that you have ever witnessed ?
how do i become an engineer ?	how can i become an engineer ?	how can i become engineer ?
what are some of tennessee major natural resources ? how are they preserved ?	what are some of tennessee major natural resources ?	what is your favorite inspirational - five source ?
how many stars are on the america flag ?	how many stars in flag of united states ?	how many stars are on america flag ?
how do i hack my wife whatsapp account ?	how can i hack a whatsapp account ?	can you hack my crush whatsapp account for me ?
what is social relevance ?	what is social relevance ? what is its importance ?	what is social concept ?
what are the top most seo company in delhi ?	what is the best seo company in delhi , india ?	which company provides the best seo services in delhi ?
what users asked the most questions on quora ?	who had asked the most questions in quora ?	what is the most viewed question on quora ?
what is the best lifetime antivirus software ?	what is the best lifetime antivirus ? why is it the best ?	which one is the best , software , an antivirus ?
why do people get tattoos ? what is the advantage ?	why do people get tattoos , and what purpose do they serve ?	why are people so much rare ?  or marks by investment ?
what is the best way to to make money ?	what are some interesting ways to make money ?	what is best way for earning money ?
how can an introvert becomes extrovert ?	how can i change myself from being an introvert to extrovert ?	how do i stop being an introvert and become an expert ?
what is a reason for world war ?	what is the main reason for war ?	what are the reasons of war ?
do the new notes in india need the gps chip ?	do the new 2000 notes really have gps chips or something similar ?	is the new 2000 rupees note gps enabled ?
does massage really increase breast size ?	do breast massages really help in increasing breast size ?	does massaging your breasts actually increase the cup size ?
why are the great lakes not tidal ?	do the great lakes have tides ? why or why not ?	why are the great lakes not tidal ?
what is the best way to deal with bad people ?	how can we deal with bad people ?	how do you deal with bad people ?
how can i grow beard easily ?	how can i increase my beard growth easily ?	how do i grow beard ?
how can i improve my english speaking skills as well as writing skills ?	how improve my english mail writing skills ?	how can i upgrade my english writing skills ?
how do i become an attractive girl ?	how do you become pretty / attractive ?	how do i become a more breakup ?
how do you brainstorm for ideas ?	how do you brainstorm ideas ?	how can i get my singing services ?
what should i prefer : a job or further study ?	what should i prefer job or study ?	what do i need to work for a job ?
what is your favorite genre of music and why ?	what are your favorite music genres ?	what is your favorite music genre and why ?
what are the best earphones under 1000 rs ?	which is the best earphone under 1000 inr ?	which is the best earphone under rs 1000 ?
why do insects like light ?	why are insects attracted towards light ?	why the insects attracted to light ?
what is a human rights in ghana ?	what are the human rights in ghana ?	human rights in ghana ?
how can i increase english vocabulary ?	how do i expand my vocabulary ?	how can i improve my english vocabulary ?
how do i develop analytical problem solving skills ?	how can you develop your problem solving skills ?	how do i develop analytical problem solving skills ?
are there electronic cigarettes that are healthy ?	are electronic cigarettes as healthy as we are made to believe ?	are there any dangers with water as there as a physicist ?
what is step by step guide to learn english ?	how do i learn english step by step ?	how we improve our english language india ?
how can i hack my phone ?	how can we hack a phone ?	how can you hack a cell phone ?
is there any chance of world war 3 ?	is there a war coming ?	is a world war going to happen ?
where can i find a dallas doctor who will prescribe xanax ?	who in dallas will prescribe xanax ?	where do i find forex magic that you imagine famous ?
do girls ignore guys they like ? if yes , then why ?	do girls ignore guys they like ?	do women like they like ?
daniel ek : when will spotify be available for indian customers ?	why has not daniel ek brought spotify to india ?	why is spotify not available in india ?
how do i block certain people on quora ?	how do i block annoying people on quora ?	how do you block someone on quora ?
is the united states a republic or a democracy ?	is the united states truly a democracy ?	is the united states truly a democracy ?
how does it feel to fight ocd urges ?	how do i fight through ocd urges which causes stress ?	what should be the difference between ocd and addiction ?
what is the real secret behind area 51 ?	what is the secret about area 51 ?	what is the real truth behind area 51 ?
why is autism sensory overload painful ?	why is sensory overload painful to autism ?	why is autism painful ?
why was my question marked as needing improvement ?	why do my dank questions keep being marked as need improvement ?	why is every question i post on quora marked as needing clarification ?
what is the best medicine for erectile dysfunction ?	how do i get rid of erectile dysfunction ?	how to get rid of erectile dysfunction ?
what the best driving school in castle hill ?	which driving school is the best in castle hill ?	are there any high driving soda agents ?
what is the soul satisfying thing you have ever experienced in your life ?	what is the most incredible thing you have ever done in your life ?	what is your soul satisfying thing you had next by ?
why ca not women show nipples ?	why do women in most parts of the world cover their nipples ?	why ca not many women show to their nipples ?
is self training of martial arts possible ?	how can i learn martial arts by myself ?	how can i martial arts in martial arts ?
how do i need to prepare for campus interviews ?	what should we do to face campus interviews ?	how do i prepare my interview at a firms ?
what is the database used by quora ?	what is the database used for quora ?	what are the database of quora ?
what is the difference between aim and goal ?	what is the difference between aim objectives and goal ?	how would you differentiate between a goal and goal ?
how do i check google chrome history after it was deleted ?	how do i recover lost deleted history on google chrome ?	can history see conspiracy retrieved if they happened ?
which is the best laptop to buy below 45000 rs ?	what is the best laptop under 45000 inr ?	which is the best laptop to buy under 45000 ?
what is mid life crisis ?	what is a mid - life crisis ?	what is a mid life crisis ?
is there any chance of world war 3 ?	how likely is world war 3 in the future ?	is a world war going to happen ?
why do puppies roll over ?	why do dogs roll over ?	why are dimples such a cherished trait ?
what do you think about kids nowadays ?	what do you think of kids these days ?	what do you think of most about child rape great ?
what are the best e - learning platforms ?	what are the best e - learning websites ?	what are the best e - learning websites ?
what is the best weekend escapade from pune ?	what are some places to spend the weekend near pune ?	which is the best place to hangout with friends in pune ?
what is the worst thing your parents have ever said to you ?	which were the worst words your parents told you ?	what is the worst thing your parents ever said to you ?
what are some painless ways to commit suicide ?	what are the best painless ways to die ?	what is the most effective way to suicide ?
what did william shakespeare write besides plays ?	what other types of writing did shakespeare do besides plays ?	what did william shakespeare write besides plays ?
what is a recommended online resource to learn programming , preferably python ?	what is the best online resources to learn python ?	what is the best online resources to learn computer programming ?
what were the most one - sided wars in history ?	what are the most one sided battles in human history ?	what are some old undergraduate novels of your history ?
what will be the impact of gst on it sector ?	what will be the impact of gst on it services industry ?	what will be the impacts of gst on earth ?
which is the best programming language for a beginner to learn ?	what a good and easy programming language to learn ?	what are good programming language ?
what is the most embarrassing moment your crush had in front of you ?	what are your most embarrassing stories ?	what was your most embarrassing moment in front of your girlfriend ?
can i learn guitar in two months ?	can i learn guitar within two months ?	how do i learn to play guitar in two months ?
what is the total energy of the universe ? is it zero ?	is the total energy of the universe zero ?	why is the total energy of the universe zero ?
what are ways i can make money online ?	how can i make money online consistently ?	what are the best ways to earn money from home ?
how can i get better at social interactions ?	how can i become better at social interaction ?	how do i become better at social crisis ?
what are the best mobile phones technology gadgets ?	what are some of the best phones tools and gadgets ?	what are some mind blowing phones gadgets ?
are there any other good communities like quora ?	are there any website like quora ?	are there other websites like quora ?
what is your stance on furries ?	what do people think of furries ?	how did the americans start ?
who was the best hacker in the world ?	who is the best hacker around ?	who are the best hackers in the world ?
what does apathy feel like ? looking for detail , ed answers ?	what does apathy , feel like ? looking for a detailed answer ?	what does apathy feel like ?
what are the flaws in indian education system ?	what is the major problem with indian education system ?	why does the indian education system suck ?
how do i tell my parents about my depression ?	how do i tell my parents that i might have depression ?	how do you tell about your parents in depression ?
what was the reason of adolf hitler brutality and discrimination towards the jews ?	what was adolf hitler rationale for hating jews ?	what were the reasons behind adolf hitler speech in the jews ?
how so i ask questions on quora ?	how do i post a question in quora ?	how do i ask someone a question on quora ?
how do you prepare for a job interview ?	how should i prepare for my first interview ?	what is the best way to prepare for job interviews ?
what does it take to get into stanford university ?	can i get into stanford ?	how do i get into stanford as an undergraduate ?
what is probability ?	what is the probability ?	what is a probability ?
how can a boy become the world youngest billionaire ?	who is the world youngest entrepreneur ?	who is the youngest person to become a billionaire ?
when people are watching the indian serials ?	when people are watching the indian tv serials ?	when will people become free and french desktop ?
how do i overcome a crush ?	how can i overcome crush ?	how do i overcome my crush ?
what is the deep web ?	how do i get to the dark web ?	what is the dark / deep ?
do prostitutes get married ?	do prostitutes ever marry ?	do turkish people get married ?
is being nice to other people generally considered a sign of weakness ?	why is being nice considered a sign of weakness ?	is being nice some psychopaths of weakness ?
how could i start my business ?	what the way to start a business ?	how do we start a business ?
should mark mcgwire be in the hall of fame ?	will mark mcgwire be in the hall of fame ?	should a grow be back in their muscles ?
which is the best strategy game ?	what are some of the best strategy games out there ?	what is the best strategy for the game ?
how can i change my technology skill in accenture ?	how can i change technology stream in accenture ?	can you change any mobile loan from accenture ?
how safe is london ?	is it safe to travel to london now ?	how safe is torrentz ?
is captain america a virgin in the movies ?	is captain america a virgin ?	is the em apple really the virgin ?
how does corn and vegetable oil differ ?	what the difference between corn and vegetable oil ?	what is make your 3d for rain colour ?
what are some of the best camping tools and gadgets ?	what are some of the best camping gadgets and tools ?	what are some of the best camping tools ?
what are some good books about time management ?	what are the best books about time management ?	what is the best book for time management ?
how can we earn money online without investment ?	how can i make money online consistently ?	how can i earn money part time online ?
what are good stocks to invest in right now ?	what are the best stocks to invest in right now ?	what are the good stocks to invest in right now ?
how can i speak english more fluently ?	how can i learn to speak english fluently ?	how could an english learner speak fluently ?
why do we have nightmares ? what is the cause of nightmares ?	why do we get nightmares ?	why do the people have nightmares ?
why is cricket not a popular sport in america ?	why is not cricket popular in america ?	why cricket is not a sport in america ?
why do we have poverty ?	what are the causes of poverty ?	what do you think are the causes of poverty ?
how can you delete your yahoo account ?	what are some ways to delete my yahoo mail account ?	how can you delete your yahoo mail account ?
what can i eat every day to be more healthy ?	is it healthy to eat a tomato every day ?	is it bad for health to eat eggs every day ?
how do i start conversation with a girl at my workspace ?	what the best way to start conversation with a girl you like ?	what can i do to have a conversation with a girl i like ?
which is the best site for downloading english songs ?	which are some good websites for downloading free english songs ?	what are some sites to download english songs ?
why is 500 and 1000 rupee notes discontinued ?	why did india banned 500 , 1000 rupee notes ?	why modi supports 500 and 1000 notes in india ?
have you seen an ufo ? where ?	who has seen aliens or ufos ?	have you seen an alien craft ?
what is the best way to learn the german language ?	how can i learn german quickly ?	how can i learn the german language ?
what animals can i eat raw ?	what meats are safe to eat raw ?	what animals should be eat for drinking dogs ?
which is the most epic song ever ?	what is the most powerful / epic song you know ?	what the most epic song ever seen ?
how do i lose my weight from 58 to 50 kgs ?	how can you lose weight fast in a healthy way ?	how do i lose weight from trump ?
how did donald trump win ?	how did donald trump win the presidency ?	why did trump win ?
what good song for a best friend lyric prank ?	what is a good song for a text prank ?	what is a good song to lyric prank your best friend ?
why is everyone pouncing on donald trump for not paying taxes ?	why is donald trump being criticized for minimizing his taxes ?	why is everyone against donald trump ?
what is the best time to visit kanniyakumari ?	which is the best time to visit kanyakumari with family ?	which is best time to visit kanyakumari ?
what is a way to make money online ?	how could i make money online ?	what are some easy ways to make done extra money online ?
what are the best humorous novels of all time ?	what are the best humorous novel of all time ?	what are the best comics ?
how does eukaryotic and prokaryotic cells differ ?	what is the difference between prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells ?	how are prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells different ?
how can i start a company quickly ?	how would i start my own company business ?	how do i start a start business ?
how can i lose weight quickly ? need serious help .	how do i lose weight in a short time ?	how can i lose weight quickly ?
which is best os for hacking ?	which os is best for hacking ?	which is the best os for hacking ?
how do you get over the fear of exams ?	how do i get over exam fear ?	how can i get over any fear of exams ?
what is difference between fact and opinion / view ?	what is the difference between a fact and an opinion ?	what is the difference between fact and fact ?
how do antivirus work ?	in layman terms , how does computer antivirus software work ?	how do antivirus work ?
`` what does `` home country mean to you ?	`` what does `` home country mean ?	`` what does the home country `` sheila mean ?
what is the expected cutoff for kvpy sa 2016 - 17 ?	how was the kvpy 2016 sa ?	what is the expected cut off for kvpy sa aptitude test 2016 ?
do cell phones really get infected by viruses ?	how does a cell phone get a virus ?	is there any way of cell phone by amazon ?
where can i find best rat control service in sydney ?	where can i get best quality rat control service in sydney ?	where can i get best quality rat control service provider in sydney ?
what kind of guys are most aussie girls attracted to ?	what kind of men are most aussie girls attracted to ?	what common girls do internship : where i find them ?
how can you delete your yahoo mail id ?	what are some ways to delete my yahoo mail account ?	how do you permanently delete your yahoo account ?
how important should sex be in a relationship ?	why sex is so important in a relationship ?	why is sex important in a good relationship ?
what is the best business fields to get into ?	what is the best business to start these days ?	which business should i get into a business ?
how can i apply for internship at tata power ?	how can i apply for internship in tata power ?	how do i apply for electrical and electronics engineer ?
who will win punjab election ?	who will win the punjab assembly election ?	who is likely to win the forthcoming punjab elections ?
does google adwords work ?	does google adwords really work ?	how do i import google adword work ?
what is the best story have you ever heard ?	what is the best short story ever written ?	what is the best story you have ever heard ?
what is the best way to get a software engineering job ?	how do you get a software engineering job ?	what is the best way to get a software engineer job ?
what is seeding rate ?	what is seed rate ?	what are lipids rate ?
what can i do with chicken gizzards ?	what are some recipes that use a chicken gizzard ?	what should do to do others get started with wing brands ?
how is nmims shirpur campus life ?	how is campus life at nmims shirpur ?	what is the cutest cube behind a living life ?
how do we read kundli ?	how do i read kundli ?	how do i read things ?
how do i determine my iq ?	how do you know your iq ?	how do you know your iq ?
why world war 3 are inevitable ?	how close is a world war 3 ?	are we getting closer to world war three ?
how do i create a stage name for myself ?	how can i create a stage name ?	how can i discover my glass ?
what are hillary clinton chances of winning in the 2016 america presidential election ?	how certain are you that hillary clinton will win the 2016 election ?	what are hillary clinton chances of winning in the 2016 america presidential election ?
what is amphiboly , and what are some examples ?	what is amphiboly ? what are some examples ?	what are some examples of lipids ?
where does yeast naturally grow ?	where might yeast naturally grow ?	how does your height after death ?  think
how do i lose seven kg in two weeks ?	how do i lose 10 kgs in two week ?	how do i lose weight in a short time ?
which books should entrepreneurs read ?	what are the best books for entrepreneurs to read ?	what are the books that entrepreneurs must entrepreneurs ?
how can i realistically make money online ?	how do i really make money online ?	how do we make money online ?
how can i get rid of a painful lump near my tailbone ?	how can i get rid of a painful lump on my tailbone ?	how do you get rid of a break with a breakup ?
how do i earn extra money along with full time job ?	how can i earn extra money with my daily job ?	how can i earn money from online ?
what are some dark web addresses ?	what are some example of deep web and dark web ?	what are some cool dark web websites ?
what is mechanical energy , and what are some examples ?	what is mechanical energy ? what are some examples ?	what are some examples of mechanical energy ?
what is your most memorable childhood memory ?	what are your fondest childhood memory ?	what is your most memorable story you have ever heard ?
how does a person overcome learned helplessness ?	what are some good steps to overcome learned helplessness ?	what the best way to get over learned helplessness ?
how can i boost my facebook page without money ?	how can we promote facebook page without spending money ?	how can i boost my facebook page ?
what is the value of a 1935 one dollar silver certificate ?	what the value of a series 1935 e dollar one silver certificate ?	what are the value of a club certificate ?
why is saltwater taffy candy imported in australia ?	why is saltwater taffy candy imported in china ?	why is saltwater taffy candy imported in the philippines ?
when will we achieve immortality ?	do you think mankind will ever achieve immortality ?	is there any way to achieve immortality ?
what are some mind blowing camera phones 2016 that exist ?	what are some mind blowing phones gadgets 2016 that most people should have ?	what are some mind blowing camera stream ?
how can i prepare myself for entrepreneurship ?	what is the best way to prepare yourself for entrepreneurship ?	what should we do to prepare myself for entrepreneurship ?
what is ultimate purpose of life ?	what is the purpose of life , if not money ?	what the sole purpose of life ?
how can i build a diy car ?	how can i build a car ?	how would i build my own car ?
what are the best investments ?	what is best investment option ?	what the best investment ?
is western influence in india destroying the true indian culture ?	how is western culture destroying indian culture ?	why is the importance of contact justified ?
what is good way to spend a sunday in bangalore ?	what is a good way to spend a sunday in bangalore ?	how do we spend our weekends in bangalore ?
what is the best way to reduce weight fast ?	how should i reduce weight easily ?	how can i lose weight quickly ?
who is the best and worst actor on got ?	who is the one best actor in game of thrones of all time ?	who is the best actor of the world ?
how do i get funding for my web based startup idea ?	who do i contact to raise money for my startup idea ?	how should i go about getting funding for my startup idea ?
why is not my question answered on quora ?	why do people never answer my question on quora ?	why wont anyone answer my questions ?
what is the best agile project management software ?	which is the best agile software project management tool ?	what is the best web project in the former project ?
is there anyway to retrieve my deleted emails from my gmail account ?	how do i recover permanetly deleted emails in gmail ?	how do i recover emails that i deleted forever in gmail ?
what are the best online programming courses for advanced and intermediate programming ?	what are the best programming resources on the web ?	which are best websites to learn computer programming ?
how can i contribute actively to amend the reservation system in india ?	what is a possible alternative to reservation system in india ?	how can the caste based reservation system be changed ?
do reliance jio mifi device support other sim cards like airtel , vodafone ?	will jio - fi support any other sim than jio ?	do jio supports anyone who swallowed an jio ?
what are the best ways to improve my cognitive skills ?	how do i improve my cognitive skills ?	how can one improve his life skills ?
what are the advantages of living in a city rather than a suburb ?	what are the advantages and disadvantages of living in the city ?	is living in nagpur considered a solid ?
in what ways would a donald trump presidency be good for america ?	what positive change would a donald trump presidency bring ?	what are the chances of donald trump winning the 2016 election ?
what is the best programming / coding language to learn ?	what is the most valuable programming language for the future to learn ?	what is a good first programming language to learn ?
why do people make fun of pokemon anime ?	why do people make fun of pokemon ?	why do all of the people earn from the anime masturbations ?
why is this happening to me ?	why did this happen to me ?	why is this happening to me ?  .  . why why ?
what are some ways to open a . doc file ?	how do you open . doc files on a computer ?	what are some ways to open a . doc file ?
how can i slowly lose weight ?	how can i lose 25 kg ?	how do i lose 15 kilos ?
which is the best font for logo design ?	what font is best to use in this logo ?	what is the best font for logo ?
which country is most likely to start world war 3 ?	how will world war 3 begin ?	how likely is world war 3 in the future ?
do phone six and / or phone six plus really bend ?	why does the phone six bend ?	does phone six good ?
what would happen if trump dies before inauguration day ?	what would happen if trump was killed ?	what would happen if donald trump died before inauguration day ?
can you give me some tips for getting rid of my internet addiction ?	how can i stop my internet addiction ?	what are the best ways to overcome belly fat ?
where can i get funding for my idea ?	how can i find funding for a startup business ?	how do i get seed funding pre product ?
what are some of the rarest names ?	what are the rarest names ?	what are the best whether in the law of department ?
why is lipton green tea helpful for losing weight ?	what are the ways to drink green tea for weight loss ?	why is green tea associated with fat loss ?
how do i make a tv commercial ?	what is the best way to make a good tv commercial ?	how do i make a tv commercial commercial ?
how can i clean urine out of a mattress ?	what is the best way to clean urine out of a mattress ?	how can i clean my urine out to a mattress ?
what happens if antimatter and matter collide ?	what happens in the reaction between matter and anti - matter ?	what will happen if an anti matter and a matter collide ?
how can i delete an old facebook account that i forgot it password ?	how can i open my facebook account i forgot my password and gmail ?	how can i log in to facebook if i forgot my email ?
why do people believe that we are all equal ?	why do people believe that we are equal if we are not ?	why do we celebrate some other than our imagination ?
what are some ways to help the environment ?	how can i help the environment ?	what are ways to help the environment ?
which country is richest in its ancient period ?	was india the richest country in the world in history ?	which country is the richest man in the america ?
how do you post a question on quora ?	how do you post question in quora ? i posted many but rejected .	how do i post here ?
what are your new year resolutions for 2017 ?	what are your resolutions for 2017 ? and why ?	what is your new year resolution for 2017 ?
how do i get job in bangalore ?	how you can get job in bangalore ?	how do i get job in bangalore ?
what are some sad indie songs ?	what are some painfully sad alternative rock songs ?	what are some good sad indie rock song ?
what is the best belgian beer ?	what are some of the best belgian beers ?	what are the best unique beers in high memorizing ?
what is currently the best security plugin for wordpress ?	what is the best security plugin for wordpress today , free or paid ?	what are the best security plugins for wordpress ?
what is the best place to visit during winter ?	what is the best place i should visit in the winter ?	what is the best place to visit in winter ?
why nobody replies to my questions on quora ?	why does not anyone reply to my questions on quora ?	why nobody answer my questions in quora ?
how do i get started with software development in robotics ?	how can i get into the software side of robotics ?	how do i start to learn programming in robotics ?
how should i improve my writing skill for blogging ?	what are the best ways to improve writing skills ?	how do i improve writing skills . ?
what is your biggest and weirdest pet peeve ever ?	what your biggest pet peeve and why ?	what your biggest pet peeve ?
how do you know when a software developer is a senior software developer ?	when does a software developer become a senior software developer ?	how do you know students creating a simple software engineer developer ?
how many olympic medals does india have got in rio olympics games ?	how many medals did india won in olympic 2016 ?	how many medals are in rio olympic games ?
what is the point of life and what so good about it ?	what the point of life ?	what is the benefit of life ?
how can i get a girlfriend if i am shy and socially awkward ?	how do you get a girlfriend if you are socially awkward ?	how do i get a girlfriend if i am socially awkward and shy ?
what are some useful online courses for management students ?	which online courses for management students add weight to a resume ?	what are some useful online courses for research programs in management ?
what are the most unnatural things that happened to you in an interview ?	what is the most unnatural thing that has happened you ?	what are the most funny things that happened to you in an interview ?
what should you engrave on promise rings ?	what should i engrave on a promise ring ?	what can i do to twitter views ?
what do you think about the rapist donald trump ?	what do you think about donald trump ?	what do you think about donald trump in september ?
why did modi introduce a 2000 rupee note ?	why did rbi introduce 2000 rupee notes ?	why is the rbi issuing 2000 rupee notes ?
what is sensex ? what is nifty ?	what are sensex and nifty ?	what are the nifty and sensex ?
who is your favourite character in game of thrones ? and , why ?	who is your favorite character on game of thrones ? and , why ?	who is your favourite character in game of thrones ?
what can i do to become more wise ?	how do you become wiser in life ?	what does it take to become a better person ?
what are the things you regret not doing ?	what is the one thing you regret not doing ?	what do you regret the most that you had done not pleasure ?
who is better trump or clinton ?	who will be the better president trump or clinton ?	who will be a better president donald trump or hillary clinton ?
how does sex for the first time feel like ?	what did it feel like when you first had sex ?	how did you feel first time sex as a virgin ?
what is the difference between the sea and the ocean ?	what is the difference between sea and ocean	what is the difference between the sea and the ocean ?
why does not india start using plastic banknotes ?	why is not india using polymer currency notes ?	why ca not india start using plastic ?
what is the best way to get traffic on your website ?	how can i increase the traffic to my website ?	what is the best way to drive traffic to a website ?
what are best online sites for photo editing ?	what are the best photo editing sites ?	which are the best online photo editing sites ?
how do you get a job in wall street ?	what should i do to work on wall street ?	what are the ways to get a job in a wall ?
which is better and why : kmc , manipal or kmc , mangalore ?	what is the difference between kmc manipal and kmc mangalore ?	can someone make a brief comparison of kmc manipal and mangalore ?
how do i start learning programming while having a full time job ?	where should i start learning to program ?	how should you start learning programming ?
educational qualification required to join cbi ?	what is the qualification required to join cbi ?	what is a qualification of cbi ?
how and why is the universe expanding ?	how can the universe be infinite if it is expanding ?	is the universe infinite or bad ?
what was the first video ever posted on youtube ?	what was the first video posted on youtube ?	what was your first video game ?
how do i start travelling ?	how should one start traveling ?	why would it take so to go travel ?
what are the sites to download free ebooks ?	is there any site to download free books ?	where can i download free ebooks ?
how do i learn to ask the right questions ?	how does one master the art of asking the right questions ?	why can you learn to ask a right questions ?
which is the most important thing in life ?	what are the things that are important in life ?	what is most important thing in life ? can we categorize it ?
why did the french help the americans in revolutionary war ?	why did the french support the americans in the war of independence ?	why is french help so much in politics of anytime soon ?
how do i add images in quora ?	can i add images to my questions on quora ?	how do i add an image to a question on quora ?
is time travel possible in next five years ?	will time travel be possible in the next 10 years ?	is it possible to time travel to past ?
what are some ways to glue glass ?	how can i glue glass together ?	how can i glue glass ?
should i vote for donald trump or hillary clinton ?	donald trump or hillary clinton ? why ?	donald trump or hillary clinton ? why ?
why do people think trump is racist ?	do you think donald trump is a racist ? if so , why ?	why do some people say that donald trump is racist ?
how do i get started in the cyber security industry ?	how can i get started to learn information security ?	what are the best ways to get started in cyber security ?
which is the best job consultancy in bangalore ?	what are the best job consultants in bangalore ?	which is the best job consultancy in bangalore ?
how do i find a mentor to help me in life ?	what are the best ways to find a mentor in business and life ?	how is a mentor between tv and your life ?
what happens to your phlegm after swallowing it ?	what happens when i swallow the phlegm after coughing ?	what happens to your phlegm after swallowing it ?
how do you know you are not wasting your time ?	how do i know i m not wasting time ?	how do you know if you are not stolen chemical ?
if walls could talk what would yours say ?	if walls could talk , what would yours say ?	what is your birthday a child ?  whom can someone they know ?
what is the proof of indian army surgical strike ?	how did the indian army succeed in the surgical operation in pakistan ?	is there any evidence and unbiased proof of surgical strike ?
what is the best google adwords online course and why ?	what is the best google adwords free online course ?	what are the best online dating colleges for the google certification ?
how effective is beard oil ?	is beard oil effective ?	how effective is our beard colour ?
what are the best ways to improve your intelligence ?	how can you improve your intelligence ?	how can i improve my intelligence ?
how is the samsung galaxy s7 edge ?	what is your review of the samung galaxy s7 edge ?	what the average beach of one to samsung galaxy edge ?
what habits can help me get a girlfriend ?	what habits will really help me get a girlfriend ?	what is a positive idea ? how can i get his partner ?
what is raid one and raid five in a computer ?	what is raid one and raid five ?	do you like , why would you pick in person ?
what should you do if you ca not remember your icloud password ?	how do i recover my icloud password ?	how do i get my icloud password ?
how do i become popular in my class ?	how can i become popular in class ?	how can i be popular in class ?
who came first , egg or the hen ?	which came first , the chicken or the egg ?	which came first hen or egg and why ?
what is the difference between shia and sunni ?	what is the difference between sunnis and shias ?	what are the differences between shia and sunni muslims ?
how do you define ` life ?	how can you define life ?	what is the meaning of being a human ?
how do i increase likes on instagram ?	how will i boost my likes on instagram ?	how can i boost my followers and likes on instagram ?
when and by whom was the camera invented ?	when were cameras invented ? how were they invented ?	when was the camera invented and . who discovered ?
why does bjp fight against beef eating but not against lamb meat eating ?	why is bjp against beef eating but is silent on lamb meat eating ?	why would the bjp be organic and bad action while eating happens ?
is the climate an hoax ?	why is climate change seen as a big hoax ?	is climate a lie ?
what is the scope of mechanical engineering worldwide ?	what is the scope of mechanical engineering ?	what is the scope of mechanical engineering ?
which books should entrepreneurs read ?	what are some books all entrepreneurs must read ?	what are the books that entrepreneurs must entrepreneurs ?
what are the differences between chinese and western cultures ?	what is the difference between chinese culture and western culture ?	what are the culture differences between chinese and western ?
why do not magnetic monopoles exist ?	why do not magnetic monopole exist ?	do astronauts personally have the magnetic animals exist ?
which is more extreme horror or terro ?	which is more extreme horror or terror ?	what are your three addictive horror ?
how do i get motivation to study hard ?	how should i get motivation to study hard ?	how do i usually get motivation to study hard ?
how do i stop shaking when speaking in public ?	how do i stop shaking while speaking publicly ?	how do i stop shaking when speaking in public ?
how can i tell if a guy i am interested in is gay ?	how can you tell if someone is gay ?	how do i know your gay ?
what is the reason for inflation ?	what are the reasons for inflation ?	what are the reasons behind inflation ?
what is the best book on digital marketing ?	which are best books on digital marketing ?	which are best books on digital marketing ?
what are the best tablets under 100 ?	what the best graphics tablet under dollar 100 ?	what are the best taking a new year technology to a 100 ?
what problem do you want to solve in your life ?	what is the problem you want to solve in your life ?	what is the problem you want to solve in your life ?
how does google maps collect real - time traffic data ?	how does google maps find out the current traffic situation ?	how does google maps collect real - time traffic data ?
how do i get good muscular body ?	how do i build a muscular body ?	how do i develop a muscular body ?
how can i get rid of my superstitions ?	how do i get rid of superstition like unlucky number ?	how do i get rid of thoughts in my mind ?
why there is no up vote option for a good question like this ?	why does not quora let you up vote a really good question ?	why is not there a way to up vote good questions on quora ?
why is saltwater taffy candy imported in the bahamas ?	why is saltwater taffy candy imported in china ?	why is saltwater taffy candy imported in brazil ?
how can i realistically make money online ?	what is the best way for making money online ?	how do we make money online ?
why do actions speak louder than words ?	do actions always speak louder than words ?	why do you see more than they do not brush over a words ?
will michelle obama ever run for the president ?	should michelle obama run for presidency ?	should michelle obama run for president ?
what is exact reason for the conflict between israel and palestine ?	what is the conflict between israel and palestine ?	why is there conflict between the people of israel and palestine ?
which one is the best digital marketing course in india ?	what are some good digital courses in india ?	which is best digital marketing course in india ?
what is the price for ct scan in coimbatore ?	what is the price for ct scan - in - coimbatore ?	what is the price for scopes for scopes in coimbatore ?
how much deep sleep do i need ?	how much sleep is required ?	how much sleep is best ?
what are some of the best ways to break out my comfort zone ?	how can i push myself out of my comfort zone ?	how do i break out of my comfort zone ?
does luck matters a lot in day to day life ?	does luck matters a lot in our day to day life ?	what the main parts in the england ?
what is the correct order to watch the marvel cinematic universe movies ?	in what order should i watch the marvel cinematic universe ?	which order should i watch marvel movies in ?
how can i increase height after 22 ?	how can i increase my height after 21 also ?	can height be increased after age 21 ?
how can i really start losing weight ?	how do i reduce my weight ?	how do i start planning for losing fat ?
what do muslim women think of oral triple talaq ?	what is the view of muslim women on triple talaq ?	what do muslim women think of triple talaq ?
what is a good mobile automation testing tool which is freely available ?	what is the best demanding automation testing tool in market ?	which automation testing tool is best for mobile testing ?
if animals had started to speak , would we still eat them ?	what if animals could speak english , would you still eat meat ?	if i suck do not - myself like to , know what people make ?
what is the best website or book to learn a programming language from ?	what are the best websites to learn programming ?	which is best book for programming ?
what are the tips to prevent business - failure ?	how can i prevent business failure ?	what should i do to prevent first language of first growing . ?
what are some of the more well known contributions of mother teresa ?	what was mother teresa mostly known for ?	what are the favorite inspirational and hindi about mother teresa ?
what are some good ways to lose weight ?	what are the best simple ways to loose weight ?	how do i actually lose weight ?
can we attain supernatural powers by meditation ?	is it possible to gain supernatural powers through meditation ?	is it possible to occupy supernatural powers by meditation ?
what a good and easy programming language to learn ?	what would be the best programming language to diy learn today ?	what is a good first programming language to learn ?
how can i expand my iq ?	what can i do to increase my iq ?	how can i increase my iq ?
how do i reduce weight rapidly ?	how can i lose weight quickly ?	how can i lose weight ?
how can i make my girlfriend really desire me ?	what is the best way to make your girlfriend desire you more ?	how do i make my girlfriend to walt me ?
where is the future of robotics headed ?	how is the future of robotics ?	is this future a future student than life ?
what is everyone favourite song and why ?	what is your personal favourite song and why ?	what is your favourite song ?
what is the fastest way of speaking with a german accent ?	how does one imitate a german accent ?	how can i improve my german accent ?
how do i get rid of scalp acne ?	how do i get rid of acne and its spots ?	is there any treatment for acne ?
why is fluoride put in water ?	why do we have fluoride in our water ?	why is there no scientific topic in water ?
what are some of the most amazing facts about antartica ?	what are the most interesting facts about antarctica ?	what are some lesser known facts about antarctica ?
does the parallel universe exist ?	are there any more universes ? do parallel universes exist ?	does our parallel universe exist ?
are there any disadvantages with the non removable battery ?	are there any disadvantage with the non removable battery ?	are there any advantages to landline to non - order battery pizza ?
why does hair turn gray ?	what causes older peoples hair to turn grey ?	why does my hair turn is not hair ?
what is beyond outer space ?	is there up and down in outer space ?	what is meant by a medical space ?
how much has quora changed ?	how has quora changed you ?	how many quora couples are expected ?
what are some ways of cheering yourself up ?	how do you cheer yourself up ?	what are the best ways to get yourself up ?
what is the detailed procedure for designing an electrical substation ?	how can i design an electrical power substation ?	how is a brief procedure for interface largest largest based on an electrical check ?
what is the easiest way to make a little money online ?	how can i make money online consistently ?	what are some easy ways to make done extra money online ?
what is the trick to know my whatsapp profile visitors ?	can i know who visited my whatsapp profile ?	how can i see who views my whatsapp profile regularly ?
what are some of your favorite song lyrics ?	what are your favorite song lyrics and why ?	what is your best song or song that you know ?
how can i learning programming ?	how do i start learning programming ?	how do you get started learning ?
why is spotify not available in india ?	why does not spotify work in india ?	why has not daniel ek brought spotify to india ?
which america presidents were assassinated and why ?	which america presidents were assassinated ?	which america president are assassinated ?
what it like working at goldman sachs ?	what does it feels like to work for goldman sachs ?	what does it feels like to work for goldman sachs ?
how do you know when you have found the right girl ?	`` how do you know if you have found `` the one ?	`` how do you know when you have found `` the one ?
what is the meaning of life in only one word . ?	what is the meaning of life in only one word ?	how can we describe the meaning of life in one word ?
can height be increased after age 21 ?	can someone increase their height naturally after 19 ?	does height increase after 21 ? how can i get taller ?
what does it take to get into stanford university ?	what does it take to get admitted into stanford ?	how do i get into stanford as an undergraduate ?
how do you describe orgasm ?	how will you describe orgasm ?	what is an orgasm ?
how do people get popular on social media ?	how can i get popular on social media ?	how do people get popular on social media ?
how can a college student earn money online ?	what is the best way to earn money online for a college student ?	where can we earn extra earn money online ?
how can i overcome the procrastination problem ?	how can i overcome the procrastination ?	what is the best way to kill procrastination ?
should i buy computer science : go ?	should i purchase computer science : go ?	should i buy the computer science or go ?
how can i lose 30 pounds in 30 days with a workout plan ?	what are some alternatives ways to lose 30 pounds in one month ?	what is the best diet to lose 30 pounds in a month ?
how do i start looking for colleges ?	where do i start when looking for colleges ?	how do you start looking into colleges ?
who is the best prime minister india has ever got ?	who is the best prime minister and why ?	who is the best prime minister of india ?
what are the differences between chinese and western diet culture ?	what are the differences between chinese and western diet cultural ?	what is the difference between chinese and western culture ?
what are best websites to learn programming concepts ?	what are the best websites to learn programming ?	what is the best website to learn coding ?
have the ancient mayans been scientifically tested ?	have the ancient chaldeans been scientifically tested ?	have the ancient incans been scientifically tested ?
how can i gain weight on my body ?	how can i gain weight naturally ?	how do i gain weight fast but still be healthy ?
why is my miniature pinscher / chihuahua mix afraid of cats ?	why is my black lab / pitbull mix puppy afraid of cats ?	why is my maltese / husky puppy afraid of cats ?
who will win super bowl li ?	who do you think will win the super bowl 51 ?	what teams could win super bowl 51 in 2017 ?
how can i know whether i m beautiful ?	how do i know if i m pretty or not ?	how do you know if you are pretty ?
how can i improve my story writing skills ?	how do i improve writing skills . ?	how do i improve my writing ?
what are some tips for writing a novel ?	what are some tips to write a novel ?	what are some good tips for writing a novel ?
how do i paint a nerf gun ?	what are some of the best ways to paint a nerf gun ?	how do i paint a nerf gun ?
can someone hack my snapchat password ?	how do i get someone snapchat password ?	what is the best way to hack my snapchat password ?
what are some examples of totalitarian governments ?	what are examples of totalitarian governments ?	what are some examples of a abstract this day ?
what is the jewish view on jesus ?	what is judaism view on jesus ?	what is white defining about ?
how do homosexual people have sex ?	how do gay / lesbian people have sex ?	what are star wars causes of cheating ?
why would someone stop using quora ?	why would you stop using quora ?	why should i never stop on quora ?
what is rock climbing ?	what is rock climb ?	what is rock sounds ?
how do i lose the rolls of fat directly beneath my breasts ?	how do i lose my tummy fat and chest fat ?	is it possible to lose weight in a week through breasts ?
is it possible that one day a time machine would be created ?	why still its not possible to invent a time machine ?	is it possible for human to invent the time machine ?
what is the mica hostel like ?	what is the hostel at mica for freshers like ?	what is a clear hand powder like ?
does trump likes to play any computer or console games ?	does trump like to play any computer or console videogames ?	are you looking for a laptop at a computer ?
how do i improve english speaking communication quickly ?	what do i need to do to learn english quickly ?	how can i improve my english in a very short time ?
how can you tell if someone is an empath ?	how can you tell if you are actually an empath ?	how would you know if someone is a great virgin ?
what are the innovative ideas to curb pollution from delhi ?	any initiative / idea to curb pollution at delhi #oddevendobara ?	what other measures can be taken to curb pollution in delhi ?
how do i make my laptop work faster ?	how do i make my laptop work fast ?	how can you make your laptop faster ?
how can i lose weight without doing excercise ?	can i lose weight without exercise ?	how can i lose weight in a month without doing exercise ?
how can you speak and learn fluent english like karan johar ?	how to speak english fluently ?	how i can speak english fluently ?
what are your new years resolutions for 2017 ?	what is your new year resolutions for 2017 ?	what can be my new year resolution for 2017 ?
how can i get a rust stain out of a white cotton shirt ?	how do you get dirt stains out of white shirts ?	how do i get a non - delicious choice of dark cotton difficult ?
from which mbbs year students should start preparing for usmle ?	from which mbbs year should students start preparing for usmle ?	from which year should mbbs students start preparing for usmle ?
how big are male pornstars dicks ?	do some male pornstars have average size dicks ?	how big are male sexual according to girls ?
how do i get slim ?	what should i do to be slim ?	how do i get slim ?
can you trademark or patent a clothing design ?	can you patent clothing or fashion designs ?	how can i repair a heal hardware research designer ?
what came first jainism or hinduism ?	which religion came first , jainism or hinduism ?	is there gay greeks ?
what is the dankest meme ?	what are some of the dankest memes ?	what is the origin of this agriculture ?
what is the future scope of data science ?	how is the future for a data scientist ?	what is the future scope of being a data scientist ?
how did donald trump manage to win the 2016 america election ?	why did donald trump win the 2016 america election ?	why did donald trump win the election ?
what is the best birthday gift you can give to your girlfriend ?	what is best gifts to give my girlfriend on her birthday ?	what the best birthday old gift ?
does swimming increase your height in twenties ?	how do i increase the height ?	does height increase after 18 years ?
what could be the stupidest question in quora ?	what are the worst stupidest questions asked on quora ?	what is the stupidest question asked on quora ?
which will be the best budget laptop under 30000 ?	which is the best laptop to buy under 30000 in india ?	which laptop is best to buy within the range of rs 30000 ?
how can i identify my strength and weakness ?	how can i know myself , including my strength and weakness ?	what are some ways of fixing my strength and weakness ?
what is an inverse function ?	what is inverse function ? what are some examples ?	what the inverse function ?
from which mbbs year students should start preparing for usmle ?	from which year should mbbs students start preparing for usmle ?	from which year should mbbs students start preparing for usmle ?
what is the great depression ?	what is the great depression all about ?	what was the great depression ?
how do i stop giving a fuck about what others think of me ?	how do i stop giving a fuck ?	how do i stop talk about something / other people think about me ?
how can i make my day very useful ?	how do i make a day useful ?	how can i make my day very effective ?
how can i speak proper english ?	how does one speak proper english ?	how do i speak fluent english ?
what are some of the funniest jokes you have ever heard ?	what is the best joke ever heard ?	what the funniest highbrow joke you have ever heard ?
who do you think will win the 2016 presidential election ?	who is going to win the 2016 presidential election ?	who do you think is going to win the 2016 presidential election ?
why would anyone want to live for more than 100 years ?	how can some people live for more than 100 years ?	what do you want to want to be to vote for 100 years ?
what is the best rap song ever made ?	what are some of the best rap songs ?	what are the best rap songs of all time ?
can jet fuel melt steel ?	does burning jet fuel melt steel beams ?	does jet fuel melt steel beams ?
how can i start making money using internet ?	how can i earn money on internet ?	how can i start to make money online ?
how should i prepare my canvas for acrylic painting ?	how do i prepare my canvas for acrylic painting ?	how do i prepare for eligibility biology internship ?
what affects the gold price in india ?	what determines the price of gold in india ?	how is the price of ancient culture determined ?
where can i get legit online iq test ?	what is the best online iq test ?	what is the best free online iq test ?
how do i delete instagram without email or password ?	how do i delete my instagram account without a password or an email ?	how do i delete an instagram account without password or email ?
why was quora down a few minutes back ?	why was quora down for a few minutes on april five , 2015 ?	why does quora fail to be six days ?
what if quora were a country ?	if quora were a country , what would it look like ?	if quora were a country , what would it be like ?
what are some of the best ways to write in exams ?	how do we write the exam ?	what is the best way to write in a college ?
how can i lose 25 pounds in a month ?	how can i lose 30 pounds in 30 days with a workout plan ?	what is it like to lose 30 pounds in one month ?
who according to you is the most corrupt indian politician ever ?	who is the most corrupt politician in india ?	who is the most corrupt indian politician ?
how do i cancel quora ?	how do i erase my profile on quora ?	how do i withdraw at quora ?
is it possible to change direction with constant velocity ?	can i change my direction and still have a constant velocity ?	how can we change the shift rate in chhattisgarh velocity ?
how can i learn hacking for free ?	what is the best way to learn hacking in short time ?	how can i learn hacking ?
when can women get pregnant in the menstrual cycle ?	can i get pregnant two days after my period ends ?	can i get pregnant a week after my cycle ?
what are the best free spyware removal tools ?	what is the best way to remove adware and spyware for free ?	what are the best spyware and adware remover and why ?
why do i need to vote for donald trump ?	why do you vote for trump ?	why should someone vote for trump ?
how do you get rid of bruises quickly ?	how do i get rid of a bruise quickly ?	how do i get rid of a broken thinking ?
how far is the sun from earth ?	how far is earth from the sun ?	how far the sun turned into ?
what are the main differences between a public school and an private school ?	what is the difference between private schools and public schools ?	how similar are private doctors similar to private school ?
what are some of the troll questions on quora ?	what are the most troll questions on quora ?	what are some of the weirdest questions asked in quora ?
what are some best digital marketing courses in india ?	what are some good digital courses in india ?	which is best digital marketing course in india ?
why do indians get so few medals in the olympics compared to china ?	why does chinese win so many olympic medals while indians win few medals ?	why do indians get so many medals in china ?
what is best way to learn english speaking ?	what i do if iwant to learn english well ?	i want to improve my english ?
how do i know a long distance relationship will work in person ?	how do i hold long distance relationship ?	how long will it take for a successful long distance relationship ?
what are good online shopping website in india ?	what are the best online shopping sites in india ?	what is the best online shopping website in india ?
boiling and freezing point of cereals ?	what is the boiling and freezing point of cereals ?	does king months have caffeine ?
what are some things that irritate you and that you hate ?	what are some things that you hate ?	what is an knowingly ?
why are my questions not answered ?	why do not my questions get any answer ?	why are there no questions here ?
how do things go viral on quora ?	is this how you write a viral question in quora ?	how do i go to this back on quora ?
what are the best hotels to stay in goa ?	where is the best place to stay in goa ?	which is the best hotel to stay in goa ?
how is being gay not a choice ?	is homosexuality a choice ?	how was this gay ?
why should people switch to led bulbs ?	what should i pay attention to when buying led bulbs ?	why do we have to switch the world , then why ?
what is the definition of salvation ?	what is salvation ?	what your definition of her user ?
how can we learn new things quickly ?	how can i learn something ?	how can i quickly learn and understand things ?
what is the dumbest question or answer you have seen on quora ?	what is the dumbest question you have seen on here ?	what is the dumbest question you have seen asked on quora ?
who will win upcoming america election ?	who do you think will win the 2016 presidential election ?	who will win the america election ?
is it bad for health to eat eggs every day ?	is it healthy to eat a tomato every day ?	is it bad for health to eat eggs every day ?
what is revenue model of snapchat ?	what is the revenue model of snapchat ?	what is a code model of snapchat ?
what is the best korean drama ?	which is the best korean drama ?	what is the best korean dramas of all time ?
how can one tackle depression ?	what the best way to tackle depression ?	what do i do to tackle depression ?
how could i improve my english ?	how can i improve my english pronunciation ?	i want to improve my english ?
is happiness overrated ?	is happiness overrated in life ?	is happiness overrated ?  evidence . or clinton
what does it feel like to love ?	what does it feel like to be loved ?	what does it feel like for you ?
what do you see in the future of technology ?	how do you see the future of technology ?	what do you see most in the future of technology ?
what is best strategy for study ?	how can i study ?	how should i study ?
can world war three ever take place ?	how soon is world war 3 ?	are we heading toward world war three ?
why did yahoo answers fail and quora succeed ?	how has quora succeeded where websites such as yahoo and reddit have failed ?	why did yahoo ! be taught ?
why does darkness represent evil ?	why does darkness symbolize evil ?	what is white breed ?  why ?
why are there so many stupid question on quora ?	why some people post stupid and dumb question on quora ?	why are there so many stupid questions on quora ?
why is incest not widely accepted as homosexuality and transgenderism ?	why is incest taboo but homosexuality is not ?	why homosexuality be allowed and incest should not be allowed ?
how do i find someone who truely loves me unconditionaly ?	how can i find someone who loves me ?	how do i find whether someone that i dated through fight ?
is it safe to travel to italy now ?	is it safe to travel through italy ?	is it safe to travel to germany ?
what is the borderline personality disorder and what causes it ?	what causes borderline personality disorder and when ?	what causes borderline personality disorder ? what are the symptoms ?
i m 18 . how can i make money online ?	how can i make money online quickly and easily ?	how can i earn money part time online ?
how can we get into a stock market job ?	how can i get job in stock market ?	what are the most interesting ways to get into a new business ?
how is the life of on ias officer in naxalite area ?	how is life for an ias officer in a naxalite area ?	how is the life of an ias officer in ancient greeks ?
how do i get more fans on musical.ly ?	how do you get a crown in musical.ly ?	how do i get more followers on musical.ly ?
what are the best english learning apps ?	what is the best free app to learn english for kids ?	which is best english english software ?
what is it like to work at an animal testing facility ?	what it like working in an animal testing facility ?	what is it like to work in an animal testing ?
how could i increase my height ?	how do i increase the height ?	how do i increase my height after 16 ?
how is life for a fresher at cognizant ?	how is the life for fresher in cognizant ?	does life make as a fresher in cognizant ?
who is a vedic astrologer and super spirituality master ?	who is the best vedic astrologer online master ?	who is a simple 10 chess player in the super city ?
`` why my i is different than yours ?	`` why my i is different than yours ?	why my i should know my i am love ?
what are some of the resources to learn about iot ?	what are suggested ebooks to learn about the internet of things ?	what are some good sources to learn about industrial internet and iot ?
what are some good birthday gift ideas for a mom ?	what are some good birthday gifts to mom ?	what are best birthday gift for mom ?
will my debit card work with neteller ?	which debit cards work in neteller ?	can my debit card blame climate change / help women have shorter ?
is a third world war coming ?	how soon is world war 3 ?	is ww3 coming ?
how do i increase sex time ?	how can i sex for long time ?	how can you increase your sex ?
how do i be mentally strong ?	what is a way to become mentally stable and strong ?	how can i become mentally stronger ?
how do i recover a hacked instagram ?	how can i hack my instagram ?	how can i hack my instagram ?
how do i access the deep dark web ?	what is a deep web ?	what is deep web and dark web ? and how to access it ?
is it safe to buy online laptops and gadgets ?	is it safe to buy a laptop online ?	is it safe to buy laptop and gadgets ?
how do i get rid of depression ?	how do we deal with depression ?	how do i deal with depression ?
how do i spy on a facebook account ?	how do you spy on facebook ?	how do i spy on facebook ?
what can we do for hair loss ?	how do i stop male hair loss ?	what can we do to minimize our hair loss ?
what is the most funny joke you have ever heard ?	what is the best joke you have ever heard ?	what is the funniest joke you ever told , heard , or read ?
what is south china sea conflict all about ?	what is the south china sea dispute ?	why was south china banned ?
how do you see who views my facebook ?	is threre any way to see who view my profile on facebook ?	how can i see a views of my facebook ?
what are the things one should consider before getting a tattoo ?	what do i need to consider before getting a tattoo ?	what are the things one should consider before getting a tattoo ?
can i clear cat in four months ?	can i clear cat in 4.5 months ?	what should i crack cat in four months ?
what are the best anime hentai sites ?	which one is the best hentai pay porn site ?	what is the best free anime porn site ?
what is one thing you would never do ?	what is one thing you will never do in your life ?	what is the one thing you would never do ?
does love exist anymore ?	why does love exist ?	is love even anymore ?
why does not anybody answer my questions on quora ?	how come nobody is answering my questions in quora ?	why do all of my questions get ignored on quora ?
what are the best healthy indian breakfast ideas ?	what would be a healthy indian breakfast ?	what are some of the best and nice indian guy ideas ?
who can see my facebook profile ?	how do you see who views my facebook ?	can i see who looks at my facebook profile ?
how can we recover our gmail password online ?	how do i recover a lost password or account for gmail ?	how can you recover your gmail password ?
which coaching class is good for mpsc preparation in pune ?	which is the best mpsc coaching class in pune ?	which is the best coaching institute for a travel college in pune ?
do some people without mental illnesses see therapists ?	do people without mental illnesses or personality disorders see psychotherapists ?	do people get mental illness ?
how gst will impact the demand for cas ?	how will implementation of gst affect the demand of chartered accountants ?	how will gst benifit cas ?
how can you be good at sex ?	how can i be a good sexual partner ?	how can i be good at sex ?
what should one choose in ies ?	why should one choose ies ?	why can i choose / choose in my ies ?
to those who regret having children , why do you regret it ?	what is it like to regret having children ?	why did you regret having children ?
how do i improve my english speaking ?	how can i improve in english ?	how can i improve my spoken english ?
how difficult is it to find a job in new zealand ?	is it difficult to find a job in new zealand ?	is it difficult to find a job in new zealand ?
which is the best free video editing software ?	which is the free and best video editing software ?	what is best free video editing software or softwares ?
what are the recommended books / sources for ugc - net paper one ?	what can be a one stop book for ugc net paper one ?	what are the languages for the ugc net 2017 ?
what is the best earphone under 2000 rs ?	what the best earphones in india under 2000 ?	which are the best earphones under 2000inr or 35usd ?
how exactly is normal hearing and hearing with a cochlear implant different ?	what is the difference between natural hearing and cochlear implant hearing ?	how old and how , how old is it different ?
do aliens exists ?	are the existence of aliens rationally justified ?	do aliens even exist ?
what the best time to have sex ?	when will the best time for having sex ?	when is the best time to have sex ?
what is bitcoin ? is it legal in india ?	is bitcoin legal in india ?	what is bitcoins ?
how did it feel to give your first blowjob ?	how does it feel to give your first blowjob ?	what it like to give your first an iitian ?
does milk flush the meth out of your system ?	how can i dilute meth out of my system ?	how can i get meth out of my system asap ?
how many gods are currently worshipped on earth ?	how many gods are worshipped today ?	how many gods are in earth ?
how should i earn money online working from home ?	what are the easiest ways to earn money online ?	how do i earn money from the internet ?
what is short circuit and open circuit ?	what is the difference between an open circuit and a short circuit ?	how do short and open circuits compare and contrast ?
what are the best ways to get rid of acne ?	how do i to get rid of acne scars ?	what is the best way to get rid of acne ?
does the indian government need to reform reservation system ?	do sc / st / obc really need reservation in india ?	should india have an asian system issue or not ?
which are the best sip to invest in india ?	which best sip plan in india for investement purpose ?	what are the best sip to invest in india ?
what does it truly mean to be in love with someone ?	what does it truly mean to love someone ?	what does it mean to be a love ?
how do i clear the bank po while working for 10 hrs ?	how do i clear bank po while working for 10 hrs ?	how can i clear my bank po exam ?
how can i get a complete list of all my gmail accounts ?	where are all my gmail accounts ?	how do i find all my gmail accounts ?
what was the funniest moment in your life today ?	what was the most funniest moment of your life ?	what is the funniest moment of your life ?
how populated would our world be if nobody had ever died ?	what if nobody after adam ever died ?	what if i want to move after immortality ?
how can you overcome depression without medication ?	how have you dealt with severe depression without medication ?	how do i treat depression without medication ?
what is the life changing experience in your life ?	what was your most life changing experience ?	what is your life changing decision ?
how should i earn money online working from home ?	how can i earn from online ?	how do i earn money from the internet ?
what is acupuncture ?	what is acupuncture ? how does it work ?	what is acupuncture ? how does it work ?
who would win in a war between russia and the america ?	can russia defeat america if war happen between them ?	who would win a war out of the united states and russia ?
why are people sleeping ?	why does people sleep ?	why are most people sleeping ?
what is the difference between professional boxing and amateur boxing ?	what is difference between professional boxing and amateur boxing ?	is the same to another boxing pregnant ?
why did modi introduce a 2000 rupee note ?	what is the necessity of introducing 2000 rupee notes ?	why is the rbi issuing 2000 rupee notes ?
could quora become more addictive than facebook ?	why is quora more addictive than facebook ?	can quora be addictive than facebook ?
when did nielsen acquire claritas and how ?	when did nielsen acquire claritas ?	when did the figure begin structure acquire released ?
which one is your favorite movie ?	what are your favorite movies and why ?	what is everyone favorite movie ?
what is the evolutionary explanation for the existence of the hymen ?	what the evolutionary reason for the hymen ?	what is the asked and why that is the existence of the existence of the hymen ?
which books should i read to improve reading skills ?	which books should i read to enhance my reading skills ?	what are the books to improve reading skills ?
what are the steps required for an ms in america ?	what are the steps required to do ms in america ?	what are the steps required for an ms in america ?
what is the best order to watch the star wars series ?	which order i should watch star wars movies ?	why the best order to watch the star wars series ?
how do billionaires use other people money to grow their empires ?	how do billionaires use other people money ?	how do i get involved with her beard ?
can i give my dog benadryl for his allergies ?	does giving benadryl to a dog make them sleepy ?	how can you give dogs benadryl to calm them down ?
what are the job opportunities in the biomedical engineering field in india ?	what are the job opportunities for a biomedical engineer in india ?	what are the job opportunities in biomedical engineering in microsoft field ?
is there any evidence which proves that ghosts really exists ?	is there any solid evidence that ghosts exist ?	is there any ghosts in real life ?
how do i verify my instagram account with a blue tick ?	how do i verify my instagram account without a phone number ?	how do i verify my instagram account with a blue tick ?
can we sell ideas as we sell soap ?	can we sell ideas ?	can you sell someone to sell soap ?
what are the best video cutter software ?	what are the best free video cutters ?	what is the best video cutter software ?
what is the best programming language for web development ?	which language is the best for web development ?	what are the best programming languages to learn for web development ?
how do i maintain personal hygiene ?	what is the best way to maintain personal hygiene ?	how do i maintain my own protect ?
have you ever seen alien ?	have anyone of you seen alien ?	has anyone ever seen alien ?
which is the best online course for big data ?	what are some of the best online courses for big data ?	which is the best online course for big data ?
does quora really have all of the answers ?	does quora really have the answer to everything ?	does quora have the answer to a question ?
how can i learn hacking at home ?	how can i learn hacking for security purposes ?	how do you learn about hacking ?
did anyone really go to the moon ?	did america really make it to the moon ?	did nasa really go to the moon ?
what are the differences between the 1st and 2nd laws of thermodynamics ?	what is the difference between first and second law of thermodynamics ?	what are the differences between biodegradable and dark laws ?
has india defence policy kept up with the nation needs ?	has the indian defence policy kept up to the nation needs ?	does india stand for a country - matter growing ?
what are the best foods and / or diet plan for weight gain ?	what natural foods are best for weight gain ?	what is that best diet for a diet to lose weight ?
how do i delete save message from everyone on snapchat ?	how do i delete a conversation from snapchat ?	how do i unsubscribe and delete someone from snapchat on snapchat ?
what are the biggest lies told ever ?	what are the biggest lies ?	what is the latest happiness did you ?
why was charlie chaplin important ?	why is charlie chaplin important ?	why was charlie chaplin of angloromani / romani / lesbian / religions ?
do you post more questions than answers on quora ?	do you tend to post more questions or answers ?	why do people post famous answers on quora ?
how do you know if your parents love you ?	how do you know if your parents really truly love you ?	how do parents know if our parents love you ?
how can i view a private instagram ?	how do i view someone private instagram pictures ?	can i view a private instagram ?
why is hillary clinton a better choice than donald trump ?	how is hillary clinton a better choice than donald trump ?	is hillary clinton really worse than donald trump ?
how do i review a research paper ?	how do i review a review paper ?	how do i learn research paper ?
what are some amazing things your crush has done for you ?	what are some of the amazing things your crush has done for you ?	what is the most effective thing for someone to have sex ?
which are the best movies in the world ?	what the best movie ?	which is best movie ?
how do you make easy money online ?	is there any easy way to make money online ?	how can i start to make money online ?
does life get harder as you get older ?	does life really get harder as you get older ?	is life hard as you get older ?
what are the business which require no investment or minimum investment ?	what are the businesses with minimum investment ?	what are some business ideas with no investment ?
which is the best training institute in pune for software testing ?	where is the best training institute for software testing in pune ?	which is the best training institute for software testing in pune ?
how can you get over someone ?	can you get over someone completely ?	how do you get over someone ?
how long can you live without food ?	how long can one survive working only without food ?	how long can you live without food ?
will america people actually vote for donald trump after all his extremist comments ?	why should an average america citizen vote for you rather than donald trump ?	will the americans actually vote donald trump ?
what is the proper diet to gain weight ?	what food should i eat to gain weight ?	what is the best diet to gain weight ?
how can i stop overanalyzing about my parents all of the time ?	how can you stop overthinking about everything ?	how do i stop overanalyzing everything , including my feelings ?
what kind of girls do you like ?	what is your kind of girl ?	what kind of girls do you like ?
how can i earn money by writing a blog ?	how do you make money writing a blog ?	how do i earn money through a blog ?
should my chin move when singing verbrato ?	is it okay for the chin to move when singing vibrato ?	should i pee slow after waking violence ?
how can someone make more friends ?	how do i make friend ?	how do i make more friends ? how ?
will apple release a new macbook pro soon ?	when will apple release the new macbook pro in 2016 ?	when will apple release the next generation of macbook pros ?
why did everyone hate the jews ?	why do so many people hate jews ?	why does everyone hate the jews ?
is there any chance of world war 3 ?	are we getting closer to world war three ?	is a world war going to happen ?
is it possible to love more than one person at a time ?	can a person be really in love with two persons ?	can someone love two people at a time ?
why is generally woman will become fat after marriage ?	why do women become fat after marriage ?	is this a female already after death ?
how does an lcd and led screen work ?	how do lcd and led monitors work ?	how does an lcd work ?
what is the scariest movie you have seen ?	which is the most frightening horror movie you have seen ?	what is the scariest movie you ever watched ?
how do i get an internship from google ?	how do i do internship at google ?	how do i get an internship from google ?
how did military tactics work during the seven years war and napoleonic wars ?	what were some brilliant military strategies and tactics used during the napoleonic wars ?	how did military and eggs affect the seven year ?
`` what does it mean to `` fake it till you make it ?	what does ` fake it till you make it mean ?	what does it mean to be fake you have a fake ?
how do i gain traffic for a website ?	how do i gain traffic on my website ?	how do i gain more traffic to my blog ?
what is the quickest way to get meth out your system ?	how can i dilute meth out of my system ?	do cranberry supplements help flush meth out of your system ?
what your favorite animal in the animal kingdom ? why ?	what is your favorite animal and why ?	what is your favorite animal and why ?
how do prepare for ias for a fresher ?	how do i prepare for the ias 2017 ?	how should i prepare for ias now ?
what would happen if you lick a raw fish for a bet ?	what would happen if you licked a raw fish for money ?	what would happen if you pour raw internship when you sneeze ?
what should i do to improve my tennis ?	what is the best way to be good at tennis ?	how do you develop to tennis your tennis game ?
what is the last random act of kindness you did ?	what random acts of kindness have been done to you or by you ?	what is the last soft act of kindness you did ?
how can i convert 15 mg to ml ?	how do you convert mg dosage to ml ?	how can i exchange a 15 decision to ml ?
how do i make money from nothing ?	how do i make money by doing nothing ?	how do i make money for doing nothing ?
what is light made up of ?	what is light made out of ?	what is light made up of ?
what is your favorite song of lyricist prasoon joshi and why ?	which is the best song of lyricist prasoon joshi and why ?	which are the best songs of lyricist prasoon joshi ?
whats the active area now in research of ordinary differential equations ?	what is the active area now in research of ordinary differential equations ?	how big is the canadian area in differential equations ?
do people , who smoke weed get cancer ?	does weed give you lung cancer ?	if my weed is so is able can i explain cancer ?
has anyone ever gotten any legal troubles by using hola vpn / proxy ?	has anyone ever gotten into legal troubles by using hola vpn / proxy ?	has anyone living in india catch getting talent by my house ?
why are oceans blue ?	why are the oceans blue ?	why is the sea blue ?
what is a relay ?	what is relay ?	what is a firm ?
what is the total number of countries in the world ?	how many countries are there in the world ?	what is the total number of the country in the world ?
how do i get an internship in google ?	how can i get an internship at google ?	how do i get an internship from google ?
how should i get started with machine learning ?	what is the usual way to start learning machine learning ?	how do i start machine learning ?
why do all my questions need improving on quora ?	`` how often do you mark questions as `` needing improvement on quora ?	why do all of my questions on quora need improvement ?
how can i make a perfect bbq steak ?	what makes a perfect steak ?	is there any way that can you make your foot ?
how can i increase the traffic of my blog ?	what are the best way to increase website traffic organically ?	how do i increase traffic on my site ?
is nuclear power a renewable resource ? why , or why not ?	is nuclear energy considred renewable or not ?	is a nuclear power a renewable course ?
what was combat like in the vietnam war ?	what was it like to fight in the vietnam war ?	what is wrong with the vietnam war ?
why and how did you break up with her / him ?	how and why did you break up with your ex ?	how and when was your breasts getting up ?
what is your perspective about india ?	what your perspective of india ?	what you think about india and indians ?
how do i make green tea ?	how do you prepare green tea ?	how can i make green tea ?
how can i change my mind state ?	how can i change my state of mind quickly ?	how do i change my mind to my own house state ?
how do magicians do their tricks ?	how does a magician do their tricks ?	how do i make peace ?
why is not india performing well in rio olympic ?	why india is not performing in rio olympics ?	why is india performing poorly recommended in the 2016 rio olympics ?
how can i deal with depression and low self - esteem ?	how can i deal with depression , anxiety and low self - esteem ?	how do i overcome depression or low self esteem ?
what is your favourite friends episode ?	what are your favorite friends episodes ?	which is your favourite friends episode ?
what are the best smartphones under 15k in 2016 ?	what are the best smartphones under 15000 ?	which is the best android device to buy under 15000 ?
how will you know you love someone ?	how do you know you are in love with someone ?	how do you know if you are in love ?
what are some dumb questions ever asked on quora ?	what is the most stupid question asked on quora ?	what is the stupidest question asked on quora ?
how do i stop feeling guilty for something i did a while ago ?	how should i stop feeling guilty ?	how do i stop feeling guilty for no reason ?
what is special about the new 2000 note ?	how difficult is it to copy new 2000 rupee currency note ?	what is special in 2000 note ?
who is the most corrupt politician in india and why ?	who is the most corrupt politician in india ?	who is the most corrupt indian politician till date ?
why chinese does not like number four ?	in chinese culture , why is the number four considered unlucky ?	why is the chinese does not like support ?
what is the temple featured on the cambodian flag ?	what is the temple on the cambodian flag ?	what are the temples rings on the keyboard ?
will humans face extinction ?	are humans going to die ?	how do i to have singing ?
what is a weak entity in dbms ? why is it called weak ?	how do strong entity and weak entity sets differ in dbms ?	why is a computer hanging ?
how hard is it to break pyrex ?	how strong is pyrex ?	how do you avoid someone supposed to make someone ?
when can women get pregnant in the menstrual cycle ?	can you get pregnant 16 days after your period ?	can i get pregnant a week after my cycle ?
what were the causes of world war i ?	what were the causes for world war one ?	what was the reason behind world war one and world war two ?
how can i contact call girls in bangalore ?	how can i contact bangalore call girls ?	how i contact a call ?
what can i do to lose 20 pounds ?	how can i lose 10 kilos ?	how do i actually lose weight ?
are there any matchmaking dating sites ?	is douglas singh on any dating sites ?	what country provide best to get free dating sites ?
why is it so hard to be kind ?	why is it so hard for me to be kind ?	how do i become physics ?
what is the most painless and quick way to die ?	is there some painless way to suicide ?	what is the easiest and most painless suicide method ?
how much do uber drivers make in houston ?	how much does an uber driver make in houston on average ?	how much money do uber driver make in your party ?
why did the sensex fall after the surgical strike by india ?	why has the sensex dropped down because of the surgical strike ?	why did the forex react after a surgical strike ?
who would you vote for : donald trump or hillary clinton ?	do you support donald trump or hillary clinton ? why ?	who would you vote for : donald trump or hillary clinton ?
what is the average package of mechanical engineers in psus ?	what is the average package in psus for mechanical engineers ?	what is the average package of mechanical engineers in psus ?
what are impacts of demonetization on the indian economy ?	what is the impact of demonetization on indian economy ?	what is the impact of demonetization on the indian economy ?
how can you differentiate between a democracy and a republic exactly ?	what the difference between a republic and a democratic republic ?	who is difference between democracy and repulic ?
daniel ek : are there any future plans of releasing spotify in india ?	when will spotify arrive in india ?	why has not daniel ek brought spotify to india ?
how do i overcome my fear of change ?	how do i handle fear of change ?	how can i overcome my fear of change ?
is there any political solution between india and pakistan on kashmir issue ?	what is the solution of kashmir conflict ?	what is the best possible solution of the kashmir issue ?
how do i become rich ?	rich people of quora , what should i do to become rich ?	how does one become rich in 2015 ?
can india ban chinese manufactured goods ?	should india ban all chinese goods or anything which is made in china ?	why do not india ban chinese products to boost it economy ?
what is it that you want from your life ?	what do you want in your life ?	what do you want in life ?
how do i build a self confidence ?	how can i get self - esteem and confidence ?	how do you raise self self esteem ?
what would be your new year resolutions for 2017 ?	what is your new year resolution for 2017 ?	what is your resolution for 2017 ?
what do chinese think about india ?	what do chinese people think about the indians ?	what do chinese people think of indians ?
what are some mind - blowing facts about adolf hitler ?	what are some unknown true facts about adolf hitler ?	what are some less known facts about adolf hitler ?
are some people born more intelligent than others ? why or why not ?	why are some people intelligent while others are not ?	why are some people intelligent not intelligent ?
how can i find out whether my partner is using dating sites ?	how can i know if my bf is still on dating sites ?	how do you know if someone is using dating sites ?
how do i get more matches on tinder ?	how can i get more matches on tinder ?	how can i get turned into tinder ?
will free code camp help me get a job ?	does free code camp make you job ready ?	will a free code a job growth ?
how do i find a basic purpose in my life ?	how do i find the purpose of a life ?	how do you know purpose of life ?
what do you do when you have writers block ?	how can i beat writer block ?	how do you get over a writers block ?
how can i choose to make the right decision ?	how do i make a quick right decision ?	how should i make a decision ?
how should i prepare for kvpy class 12 ?	how do i have to prepare physics for kvpy sx ?	how do i prepare for kvpy 2016 ?
how do plants produce oxygen ?	why do plants release oxygen ?	how do plants produce oxygen at plants ?
can i get the movie two states with english subtitles ?	where can i get subtitles for the two states movie ?	can someone watch movies with english subtitles ?
how do hollywood movies make money ?	how do movies make money ?	how can i start to make money ?
is it possible that one day a time machine would be created ?	is a working time machine possible in the future ?	is it possible for human to invent the time machine ?
who is the best fielder in indian cricket team till date ?	who is the best indian fielder ever ?	who is the all time best fielder in indian cricket team ?
does time slow down in moving vehicle ?	does time slow down in a moving vehicle ?	does honey is slow on moving after international net games ?
who would you vote for : donald trump or hillary clinton ?	would you rather have donald trump or hillary clinton be potus ?	who would you vote for : donald trump or hillary clinton ?
how do i get rid of facebook and whatsapp ?	how do i get rid of whatsapp and facebook ?	how can i get rid of my facebook profile ?
how is the movie ms dhoni untold story ?	what is your review for the film ms dhoni : the untold story ?	what is your opninon about ms dhoni movie ?
what is the most efficient way to make money ?	what are some interesting ways to make money ?	what is the best way to make money fast ?
is carbon sequestration a viable solution to global warming ?	is carbon capture sequestration and utilization a viable technology to reduce global warming ?	can you use carbon and security solution for over global warming ?
what happened to the seven wonders of the world ?	what are the seven wonders of the world ?	what happened to the seven of 2016 ?
how can i effectvely loss 20 kgs of excess weight from my body ?	what is the best weight loss method ?	what is a weight loss strategy that works ?
is there a way to hack someone instagram ?	how do you get in someone instagram ?	can someone hack someone instagram ?
is skipping a good exercise for girls ?	is skipping good for girls ?	why is it so tough to get nowadays ?
how can i install whatsapp on pc without using bluestack ?	how to run whatsapp on pc without bluestacks	can i install whatsapp against blogging in november ?
how do i get rid of a paranoid ?	how do i get rid of the paranoid attitude ?	how can i get rid of a male catch gadgets ?
how do i forget someone i was deeply in love ?	how can i forget someone i love strongly ?	how do i forget someone whom i once loved and cared for deeply ?
which books are the best for beginners to learn programming language ?	which is best book to learn programming ?	which is the best book to learn programming for beginners and why ?
is getting job in germany tough for an indian ?	is it tough for an indian to find a job in germany ?	is getting job in germany training for an indian ?
what are the creepiest paranormal experience you have had ?	what is the scariest paranormal encounter you have had ?	what is the most believable paranormal biggest paranormal experience you have had ?
how can i stop hairfall ?	how can stop hairfalls for man ?	how do stop stop hairfall ?
when was america great ?	when exactly was america great ?	`` when was america great ?
how can i learn marathon ?	how do i learn marathon ?	how can i learn marathons ?
who will win the up elections ?	who can win in 2017 up elections ?	who will win the up elections ?
should india retaliate pakistan ?	why do not india invade pakistan ?	should india invade pakistan ?
how is views on answers in quora calculated ?	how are quora views counted ?	how poisonous is twitching of quora ?
are harry potter and voldemort related ?	is it true that voldemort and harry potter are cousins ?	are harry potter and voldemort related ?
why are some japanese tv shows so bizarre ?	why are japanese tv shows so weird ?	what are some japanese tv shows ?
who will win the election trump or clinton ?	who do you think would win the election , trump or clinton ?	who will win the 2016 united states presidential election : trump or clinton ?
what is a private economy ?	what is private economy ?	what is a private economy ?
how would life be after death ?	do you believe in life after death ?	if there is life after death , why do i live ?
how green tea is useful for reducing fat ?	how does green tea helps in weight loss ?	why is green tea associated with fat loss ?
is java hard to learn ?	is learning java easy ?	is java easy to learn ?
what do brand managers do ?	what does a brand manager do ?	what do protein capital do product ?
being an indian what are some strange facts about india one should know ?	what important facts about india are most indians unaware of ?	what are the creepiest facts about india heard ?
what the point of getting married ?	what is the point of being married ?	what are some arguments for getting married ?
which alabama seo company would be best for seo services ?	which company is the best seo in alabama ?	what is the best motor which i can be best seo services ?
what is the best resource or book to learn angular two ?	which is the best angular two book ?	what is the best book for learning angular two ?
what are any real life instances where karma played it role ?	what the best real life karma you have ever seen / experienced ?	what are some real life examples of karma ?
where is the best whirlpool microwave oven repair center in hyderabad ?	where is the best whirlpool microwave oven service center in hyderabad ?	which is the best whirlpool microwave oven repair center in hyderabad ?
who viewed my profile on instagram ?	can you see who view your instagram ?	is there app to see who viewed your pictures on instagram ?
what is the best gift you ever received ?	what is the best gift that you ever recieved ?	what is the best physical gift you have ever received ?
how to get rid of pimples in your mouth ?	how do i get rid of pimples in my mouth with pus ?	how do i get rid of pimples on my emotions ?
what does a star tattoo mean ?	what does a paper airplane tattoo mean ?	what does star tattoo mean ?
how do i know if my wife cheats ?	how do you know when your spouse is cheating ?	how can i find out whether my wife cheats ?
what are your opinions on harry potter and the cursed child ?	what is your review of harry potter and the cursed child ?	what your review of harry potter and the cursed child ?
what are your favorite quotes of all time ?	what are your five favorite quotes ?	what are some of your favorite quotes ?
how does trading in the stock market work , briefly ?	how do trading in stock markets work ?	how trading works in stock market ?
how is to get into mit ?	how to get admissions in mit ?	how can i get admitted to mit ?
who would be a better president : hillary clinton or donald trump ?	how is hillary clinton a better choice than donald trump ?	who is better between hillary clinton and donald trump as a america president ?
what were some consequences of the crusades ?	what were some of the unintended consequences of the crusades ?	what were the benefits of the corn and change the caused ?
is there a way to get a domain for free ?	what is the best way to get a free domain ?	how can i get a domain for free ?
what are the best ways to speed up my computer ?	how do i speed up my laptop ?	how do i speed up my laptop ?
how do i overcome my anger problem ?	what do i do to have anger management ?	how do i control my emotions and anger ?
how can i have more friends ?	how can i get more friends ?	how do i get more friends ?
how much ram do you need for video gaming on the pc ?	how much ram do i really need for gaming ?	how much does the fox watch a pc ?
is there a way to prevent hair loss ?	what is the best treatment for hair loss ?	what can we do to minimize our hair loss ?
my girlfriend is depressed . what can i do ?	i think my girlfriend is depressed , what should i do ?	my girlfriend is in depression , what should i do ?
what are some of the best discussions on quora so far ?	what are the best discussions on quora ?	what are good topics on quora ?
what is the best hotel in london ?	what are the best hotels in london ?	which is the best hotel of bollywood ?
why is still india a developing country ?	is india still a developing country ?	why ia india still considered as a developing country ?
what does it feel to be batman ?	what is it like to be batman ?	what does batman feel like ?
if you saw donald trump hanging around your house what would you do ?	what would you do if donald trump showed up on your doorstep ?	if donald trump makes his worlds so much harm ?
would you pay one dollar per month to use quora ?	would you pay one usd / per month to use quora ?	does anyone pay me worth their dollar ?
can we create multiverse travel and how ?	can matter travel through multiverses if the multiverse hypothesis is true ?	do we have any delicious essay ?
how do i talk english fluently ?	how can i speak english more fluently ?	how i can speak english fluently ?
how come nobody is answering my questions in quora ?	why are my questions not answered on quora ?	why nobody answer my questions in quora ?
when will narendra modi join quora ?	what would happen if narendra modi joins quora ?	is modi government allowed to join quora ?
how are the seniors on board a ship in merchant navy ?	how are the seniors on board in merchant navy ?	what are the origins of the typical de board and national navy ?
how can i improve my pronunciation in english ?	how will i improve my spoken english ?	how can i understand english ?
how do i improve my pronunciation in english ?	what are the best ways to improve english ?	how can i understand english ?
which is the best mobile wallet in india and why ?	which is the best mobile wallet in india ?	which is the best mobile antivirus for india ?
how do i uninstall quora ?	how do you uninstall quora ?	how do i uninstall quora ?
how do i prepare for gate 2017 chemical engineering ?	how do i start preparing for gate 2017 chemical engineering ?	how should i prepare for gate 2017 ?
what was the weirdest date you ever experienced ?	what was the weirdest dating experience you have ever had ?	what is the weirdest date you have had ?
can cold showers help a person lose fat and weight ?	how can taking a cold shower help you lose weight ?	can cold showers lose weight ?
what is the fact behind bermuda triangle ?	what is the secret behind bermuda triangle ?	what actually happens in the bermuda triangle ?
what is the best age to put my kid in a swimming class ?	what is the best age to teach a child how to swim ?	when is it good for a child in a swimming ?
how much does location matter when building a startup ?	how much does the location matter when building a startup ?	how much information do using an emergency living ?
why do i feel detached from my emotions ?	why do i feel detached from my emotion ?	why do i feel vision to have emotions ?
how do i lose weight without stopping ?	how should i lose weight ?	how do i lose weight without quitting ?
how do electric and gas airsoft guns differ ?	how do aeg and gas airsoft guns differ ?	how aircraft consciousness differ ?
which are the best place to holiday in india ?	which are the best places for the holidays in india ?	which are the best tourism places in india ?
has witch magic been scientifically tested ?	has witchcraft been scientifically tested ?	has witch magic been scientifically tested ?
how can you increase your height ?	what are the ways to gain height ?	how do i increase body height ?
how can i learn math ?	how do i learn math online ?	how do i learn maths properly ?
where and how can i publish my poems ?	how can i publish my poems ?	how do i publish my poems ?
statistical significance level is used in medical research ?	what statistical significance level is used in medical research ?	is creating med institutes in medical philosophy ?
how can i improve my vocabulary ?	what is the best way to learn vocabulary ?	how can i improve my english vocabulary ?
is there any karma rule is applied in real life ?	are there real life karma police ?	can anyone tell me some real life karma experiences ?
will regular masturbation eventually make you sterile and have a lower sperm count ?	does masturbation really reduce the sperm count ?	how can excessive masturbation lead to low sperm count ?
why have organisms evolved to need sleep ?	why did animals evolve to need sleep ?	how did organisms evolve to need sleep ?
what are your most inspiring movies ?	what are the most inspiring , must - see movies ?	what are your most inspiring movies ?
how does it benefit you to answer questions on quora ?	what pleasure do people get from answering questions on quora ?	why do you answer questions in quora ?
what are the best tv series of 2016 ?	what are the best tv shows of 2016 ?	which is the best tv series out of 2016 ?
how is quora different from wikipedia ?	is quora better than wikipedia ?	how is quora and by choose their economy ?
what are some best moments of rio olympics 2016 ?	according to you , which is the best moment of rio olympics 2016 ?	what according to you is the best moment of rio olympics 2016 ?
what should you do to prepare for running a marathon ?	how do i learn marathon ?	how can one prepare for a marathon ?
why are most people poor ?	why most people are poor in this world ?	why are most people so poor ?
who is the best arrow shooter hawkeye or green arrow ?	who would win , green arrow or hawkeye ?	who would win in a fight between hawkeye and green arrow ?
how do you factory reset a toshiba laptop ?	how do you factory reset a toshiba satellite pro ?	what are some ways of restoring a toshiba laptop to factory settings ?
is it worth to buy yahoo in dollar 4.8 bn ?	is yahoo worth dollar five billion ?	what like to buy yahoo in dollar 200 ?
how do i prepare for ugc net english literature exam ?	how do i prepare for net jrf in english literature ?	what are the name of the books for ugc net english literature ?
what are consequences of brexit thus far ?	what consequences from brexit do you predict ?	what happens to brexit views about brexit ?
can i earn money online ?	how could i make money online ?	how do we make money online ?
what is the difference between enthalpy and entropy ?	what the basic difference between entropy and enthalpy ?	what is the difference between enthalpy and entorpy ?
what is the weirdest website you have seen ?	which are the weirdest websites on the internet ?	what is the weirdest website you have ever used on a question ?
which is best gaming laptop under 60000 ?	which is the best gaming laptop under rs 60000 ?	what is the best gaming laptop i can buy under 60000 in india ?
why do we do sex ?	why we have to do sex ?	why do we dream ?  ?  ?
what would be required for gary johnson to win ?	what are the chances gary johnson will be our next president ?	how could gary johnson end up winning the 2016 presidential election ?
what are some tips for someone trying to teach themselves to sing ?	how can i teach myself to sing ?	how do i teach myself to sing ?
how does it feel to be a pornstar ?	how is it like to be a pornstar ?	what it like to be a pornstar ?
which is best iit in india ?	which is the best among iits ?	which iit is best ? why ?
what can i do in cancun ?	what are the best things to do in cancun ?	what are the things to do in cancun ?
what are the oldest brands in the world ?	what is the oldest brand in the world ?	which is the oldest franchise in the world for beginners ?
how did caste system started in india ?	how did the caste system begin ?	why caste system americans in india ?
what are humans made of ?	what is a human being made of ?	what are human beings of ?
how do i know if someone is a sociopath or an introvert ?	how do you know if you are a sociopath or not ?	how do i know if i am a stick or a sociopath ?
who is the most inspirational person to you ?	who is the most inspirational person ever ?	who is the most inspiring person and why ?
what does an interior designer do ?	what does a interior designer do ?	what does interior design have ?
what is an embedded systems ?	what is an embedded system ?	what is embedded systems ?
why are yeezy blink shoes so expensive ?	why are the adidas yeezy shoes so expensive ?	why are i always super seen ?
who was lilith in the bible ?	who was lilith in the old testament ?	who is lilith in the bible ?
what is the best amateur sex site ?	what are the best amateur sex sites ?	what is the best and quickest age to you ?
what can i do on python ?	what can i do if i learn python ?	what i can do in python ?
how can one test their iq ?	how can i find my iq ?	how do i determine my iq ?
which is the best data analytics company in india ?	which are the best data analytics company in india ?	which institutes in india offer best data analytics in india ?
which book is best for learning advanced html ?	what are the best books to learn advanced html ?	which is the best book for learning html ?
is everything in our life just an illusion ?	is life an illusion ?	is everything in future through our nails ?
how can i meditate ?	how do i meditate ?	what is the best way to meditate ?
what is the difference between virtual and real image ?	what is the difference between a real image and a virtual image ?	what is the difference between virtual photos and relationships ?
asking for a raise ?	how should i ask for a raise ?	how do l raise a startup ?
what is the best part time job to work from home ?	what are part time jobs that can work from home ?	is there any part time job to work from home ?
what is the most important thing in life ? and why ?	what are most important things in life ?	what are most important things in life ?
which is the best earphone under rs 1000 ?	which is the best earphone under 1000 inr ?	which headphones would win in your opinion till job ?
what are some things that will help you quit using crystal meth ?	what the best way to quit meth ?	what are some things to do using using quora in a 14 house ?
what are some amazing pictures ?	what are some amazing pic ?	what are some amazing pics ?
when is apple releasing its new macbook pro ?	when is the new apple macbook pro coming ? in 2016 ?	when will apple release the new macbook pro in 2016 ?
how do i become mature ?	how do i become mature and sensible ?	how do i become mature and sensible ?
which bike should i buy bullet or duke ?	which is a good bike , a bullet or ktm duke ?	which bike should i buy for camera ?
is it true all muslims hate modi ?	why do most of indian muslims hate / against pm modi ?	is it true that muslims and prime minister narendra modi ?
is the scope of chemical engineering limited ?	is there scope for chemical engineering ?	what will be the scope of chemical engineering ?
what are my options after mechanical engineering ?	what career options do you have after getting a mechanical engineering degree ?	what is the best option after btech in mechanical engineering ?
why do some people get angry ?	why do we get angry ?	why do people get angry ?
what are the career options after graduating from chemical engineering ?	what are the options for a chemical engineer after b.tech ?	what are the career opportunities after graduation in chemical engineering ?
does science have any evidence that parallel universes exist ?	does science have any proof that parallel universes exist ?	does parallel universe exist ?
would bernie sanders have defeated donald trump ?	had bernie sanders been nominated , how would the election have gone ?	would bernie sanders have beat donald trump ?
what is harvard two plus 2 ?	what is harvard two plus 2 ?	why could science an arranged five days ?
how do i successfully pick stocks ?	how does one pick successful stocks ?	how do you train yourself user ?
which are the best bollywood movies in 2016 ?	which bollywood movie you like the most in 2016 ?	what is your favorite bollywood movie in 2016 ?
how do i increase immunity towards allergies ?	what is the best way to increase immunity against allergy ?	how do i increase our emotions ?
what is the suez canal ? what importance does it have ?	what is the suez canal ? why is it important ?	what is a lie call ?
how can i jaoi isro ?	how do i get into isro ?	how one can get a job in isro ?
is green tea good for acne ?	does green tea get rid of acne ?	why is green tea associated with fat loss ?
how do we currently measure the speed of light ?	how can we actually determine the speed of light ?	how did you measure the speed of light ?
what the fastest way to make a friend ?	how do i make friend ?	how do i make more friends ? how ?
how can i learn chinese ?	how can i learn mandarin ?	what should we learn about chinese ?
what is computer forensics ?	what is computer forensic ?	what is a computer house ?
why does you become an engineer ?	why would / did you like to become an engineer ?	why do people become engineer ?
what are the uses of educational software in school ?	what are use of software in school ?	what are the mathematics software software in school ?
why is india so bad at olympics ?	what is the reason behind india bad performance in olympics ?	why does india perform so poorly at the olympics ?
what is it like to drive in africa ?	what is it like to drive across africa ?	what does it feel like to drive in africa ?
what is the right age to marry ?	what , according to you , is the right age to marry ?	what the right age to marry ?
why do mothers abandon their children ?	why would parents abandon their children ?	why does the side of its children ?
what is a dummy explanation of quantum entanglement ?	what is quantum entanglement ?	what is there proof of quantum design ?
where can i find best hotel in bhopal for parties ?	where can i find best hotel in bhopal for marriage parties ?	where can i find best hotels in bhopal for a holidays ?
what are some great optical illusions ?	what are some optical illusions ?	what are some mind - blowing optical illusions ?
is it possible to view someone private instagram account ?	how do i open a private instagram account ?	how do i view someone private instagram pictures ?
how do i get rid of acne and acne causes ?	what are the best ways to get rid of acne ?	how do i get rid of acne and its spots ?
how can i block seeing a specific someone answers on quora ?	how can i stop seeing answers written by a specific person ?	how do you block someone on quora ?
`` how can i solve an encrypted `` text ?	where should i begin to solve this encrypted ` text ?	where should i start to solve this encrypted ` text ?
how do i improve my writing skills ?	how can i improve my writing skills for blogs ?	how could i improve my writing skill ?
should rich dalits give up reservation ?	why cant rich sc / st give up reservation ?	is it rich to leave in 2016 ?
how do i factory reset my dell laptop ?	how do i factory reset my dell laptop to factory settings ?	how do you master reset a dell laptop ?
what is the difference between electricity and current ?	what is the difference between electricity and a current ?	what is the difference between current and electricity ?
do schools kill creativity ?	are schools really killing creativity ? share your thoughts .	does school always kill creativity ?
what are the advantages and disadvantages of being a computer programmer ?	what are the benefits of a computer programmer ?	what are the disadvantages of being a programmer ?
what are the most interesting fields ml is being used in today ?	what are the most interesting applications of ml today ?	what are the differences of field bird in today ?
which are the best digital marketing training institute in kochi ?	which is the best digital marketing training institute in kochi ?	which is the best digital marketing training institute in kerala ?
what are some good romantic comedy movies ?	what are the best romantic comedy movies ?	what are the best romantic comedy movies to watch ?
how do i get started on machine learning ?	how can i learn machine learning ?	how do i start learning machine learning quickly ?
how might i improve my answers on quora to become a top writer ?	how do you become a top writer on quora for 2014 ?	what is good advice for someone who wants to become a top writer ?
how do i unlock carrier locked iphones ?	how do you carrier unlock an phone ?	how do i unlock a carrier locked phone ?
how do i recover emails that i deleted forever in gmail ?	how do i recover my deleted email by my gmail account ?	how do i recover emails choose forever ?
which is the best icici credit card ?	which icici credit card is the best ?	what are the best pickup card ?
how do i find the purpose of a life ?	what is the purpose of your life ?	how should i know my purpose of life ?
i am so sad . what can i do ?	i am sad . what do i do ?	i am bored what should i do ?
does drinking hot water really help in weight loss ?	does drinking hot water help in weight loss ?	does coffee affect iq ?
what does surgical strike mean ?	why is a surgical strike named so ?	what does surgical strike means ?
which were some of the most painful experiences in your life ?	what is the most painful experience of your life ?	what was the most painful moment in your life ?
can you suggest some excellent documentaries on world war two ?	what are the best documentaries about world war two ?	what are the best world war ii documentaries ?
how can i choose the ads in adsense ?	how do i get a ads in adsense ?	how many ads can be installed in a year ?
how does a recruiting office make money ?	how do recruiters make money ?	how do recruiting agencies make money ?
what are the five best movies of all time ?	what are all time best movies to watch ?	which is best movie ?
how can i start preparing for ias exam ? i have four yrs .	i wan na start preparing for ias exam , how should i proceed ?	how do i start preparing for ias prelims ?
how will trump victory effect india ?	how will donald trump victory would affect india relationship with america ?	what are the chances of donald trump winning the election ?
can i file a police report with out having an id or liscense ?	can i file a police report with out having an id or license ?	how do i file in police report ?
what is the benefits of reading ?	what are some benefits of reading ?	which really are the benefits to read ?
why are some people disrespectful ?	why are some people blatantly disrespectful ?	why are people using swimming ?
how can i increase organic search traffic for my blog ?	how can one increase organic traffic on my website ?	how do i get organic traffic on my site ?
what are the best web hosting communities ?	what is the best web hosting ? why ?	what are some of the best web hosting services ?
what are the significance of the critical heat flux ?	what are the significance of critical heat flux ?	what are the firms of the understanding empathy ?
how can i get one million users on my app ?	how can i get a million users on my social app ?	who can get a million users on instagram ?
how can i be friendly ?	how do i be friendly ?	how can i become friendly ?
how can i get a meeting with elon musk ?	how can i meet elon musk ?	how do you learn to recover elon musk ?
what is the best life advice ?	what is the best life advice you have ever been given ?	which is the best life advice in your life ?
what can make you more rich ? poker or horse betting ?	what can make you richer ? poker or sport betting ?	what can make you richer ? poker or horse betting ?
what are the most sensitive parts of a woman body ?	which parts of the female body are most sensitive ?	what are the most sensitive parts of a woman ?
who is your favourite character in breaking bad and why ?	who is your favourite breaking bad character ?	what is your favorite character in most goodbye or why ?
what actually is the kashmir issue ?	what is kashmir issue ?	what the kashmir issue ?
what the best way to improve english ?	how can i improve my communication skills in english ?	how will i improve my spoken english ?
what are the layers of soil ?	what are the six layers of soil ? what are their functions ?	what are the layers of atmospheres ?
how do i get addmision in mit ?	what should i do to join mit ?	what do i need to do to get into mit ?
how can donald trump win the elections when people hate him so much ?	how did donald trump manage to win the 2016 america election ?	why did america people elect donald trump as their president ?
for advanced users of linux , would you recommend mint or ubuntu ?	which one is the best , linux mint or ubuntu ?	which linux version is better : linux mint or ubuntu ?
how do i add topics to a question on quora ?	can you add topics to a question ? how ?	how do i add tags to my question in quora ?
what are good workouts to lose belly fat ?	how get can i rid of belly fat ?	how do you lose belly fat ?
is it bad for health to eat eggs every day ?	is it healthy to eat one chicken every day ?	is it bad for health to eat eggs every day ?
what are the pros and cons of being a dentist ?	what are the pros of being a dentist ?	what are the advantages of being a dentist ?
what is the alice in chains song rooster about ?	what is your interpretation of layne staley and alice in chains rooster ?	which motor is that mother song so .
what are some of the best music albums ever ?	what is regarded as the best music album ?	what are the best music albums to listen ?
what are some of life changing books that you have read ?	what is the most life changing book you have ever read ?	what have been the most influential books you have read ?
what does imo mean in a text message ?	what does imo mean ?	what does an send text message ?
how true is the concept of karma ?	is the concept of karma true ?	how soon is history ?
what is the best possible way for learning hacking ?	what is the best way to start learning hacking ?	how do people hack from to website ?
what is a way to make money online ?	how do i make money from home ?	what are some easy ways to make done extra money online ?
what is right to information about ?	what is the right to information act ?	what is the right to information about ?
can u tell me some best website to keep online journal / diary ?	what is the best website for online diary writing ?	what is the best online journal ?
what can i do to make my studies more interesting ?	how can i make studying more interesting ?	how can i make studies more interesting ?
how can i make my penis thicker ?	how can the penis be enlarged ?	how can i increse my penis size ?
what is the total number of mbbs seats available through neet 2016 ?	how many govt and private medical seats are availiable through neet 16 ?	how many total seats are there in neet ?
how can i make a mobile app ?	how do i make mobile apps easily ?	how do i build a mobile app ?
why did none of the pandavas have daughters ?	did any of the pandavas have a daughter ?	why did not the males of the bush have a history ?
can we time travel anyhow ?	could time travel be a real thing ? could it be scientifically explained ?	is time travel still theorized as being possible ?
how can you lose weight really quick ?	how do i lose weight fast by perfect weight loss plan ?	how do i lose weight in a short time ?
how do capacitors work practically ?	how do capacitors work ?	how does the network work ?
how do i improve brain power ?	how could one increase brain power ? or be more intelligent ?	how do i increase brain power ?
what are the character traits of a hufflepuff ?	what are the traits of a hufflepuff ?	what character did there a origin of no bowl ?
why an earthquake happens ?	how does an earthquake happen ? can it be predicted ?	why an earthquake happens so much ?
what are scraping techniques ?	what are some good free web scrapers / scraping techniques ?	what is an object payment ?
is the holy spirit a person ?	what is the holy spirit ?	who is the holy spirit ?
what are some good psychological hacks ?	what are the most amazing psychological hacks ?	what are some interesting psychological hacks ?
what are some ways to earn some extra money as a college student ?	what is best part time way to earn money for a medical student ?	how do i make extra money as a college student ?
can you see who who viewed your videos on instagram ?	is there a way to see who viewed my instagram page ?	is there a way to see who viewed my instagram page ?
what is a criteria for follow on in test cricket ?	how is follow on is decided in test cricket ?	what is follow on in cricket ?
what are the characteristics of a linear demand curve ?	what is a linear demand curve ?	what is linear demand curve ?
what are common preparation mistakes of iit jee advanced ?	what are common mistakes students do in iit jee preparation ?	what are the best prepare for gmat in iit jee ?
how do you know if you are in love with someone ?	how do you know if you are in love ?	how do you know if you are in love ?
why is the sociology of education important to a teacher ?	what is the importance of sociology of education to a teacher and why ?	what is sociology of education ?
why do some people still think the earth is flat ?	why do some people think that the earth is flat ?	why there are people who still believe that earth is flat ?
how can i make my own internet radio station ?	how do i build my own internet radio station ?	how do i make my internet touch hold raw station ?
how should i start ias preparation after graduation ?	how do start preparation for ias ?	how do i start preparing for ias prelims ?
what is the best charcoal to use for big green egg barbecue cooker ?	what the best lump coal to use on the big green egg ?	what are the benefits of the green eggs ?
how do i get over losing my best friend ?	how do you get over losing a best friend ?	how do i get rid of someone being a great friend ?
is acting in a movie really that hard ?	what makes acting hard ?	is acting in a movie which is that promotion hard ?
why india ca not produce nobel winning scientists ?	why does india have so few nobel prize in science ?	why ca not india become extinct ?
what can i do to practice my english ?	how do i speak fluent english ?	how do i enhance my english ?
will china start a war in the south china sea ?	would china actually go to war over the south china sea ?	can china start india with south or thriller ?
how long does it take to fix a wheel bearing ?	how long does it take to replace a wheel bearing ?	how long does it take a wheel to have a wheel ?
can muslims be stereotyped as terrorists ?	why are muslims often stereotyped as terrorists ?	will muslims be considered as exit of produced ?
why does hair turn white ?	why do people turn gray ?	why does hair turn grey as people age ?
what are the problems associated with diabetes type two ?	what are the side effects of diabetes mellitus type two ?	what are the problems associated with diabetes ?
how do i become a public speaker ?	what should one do to become a public speaker ?	how do you become a public speaker ?
what is a business process ?	what a business process ?	what is a business process ?
what are the most important skills for leadership ?	what are the most important skills for good leaders ?	what is the most important skills to your leadership ?
how can i study efficiently ?	how can i study more time and more effectively ?	how can i study more hard ?
what is the best way to find someone ?	how can i find someone ?	what are some good ways to find someone ?
how do i learn how to do kickboxing ?	how can i learn to do kickboxing ?	how do i learn hackathons ?
how do i become a mentally strong woman ?	how do i become emotionally and mentally strong ?	how can i become mentally stronger ?  it ?
how often do you shop online ?	how often do you buy products online ?	when is a shop in the world even 10 ?
how do i make my ass bigger for my boyfriend ?	how do i make my ass bigger ?	how do i make my boyfriend for my boyfriend ?
what is the best way to control your anger ?	what is the best treatment for controlling anger ?	what should i do to control my anger ?
what are some best online coachings for ssc cgl ?	which is the best online coaching institute for ssc cgl ?	which is the best coaching institute for ssc cgl ?
how do i concentrate better on my studies ?	how do i concentrate in study ?	how do i concentrate better on my studies ?
which is the best gaming laptop to buy under 60000 ?	which is the best laptop under rs 60000 for gaming in india ?	which is best gaming laptop under 60000 ?
what are some anime like eureka seven ?	is there another anime like eureka seven ?	what are some anime growing famous ?
what is the best way to make money on quora ?	how can i make money from quora ?	how do i make money through quora ?
why do people conceive babies ?	why do people have babies ?	what the story did people see eggs ?
how do i make money starting a blog ?	how do you make money writing a blog ?	how do you make money writing a blog ?
how can i make money online quickly and easily ?	what is the easiest way to make a little money online ?	how can i earn money online from home only ?
can someone share their opinion about the philippines ?	what is your honest opinion about the philippines and filipino people ?	what should one do to share the bitsat to end the philippines ?
why are people so obsessed with their phones ?	why are people obsessed with their phones ?	why are people greedy for their friends ?
is australia a colony ? why or why not ?	is australia a colony ?	is australia the israel state ?
why do not we have an experimental base on the moon ?	why do not we have a base on the moon ?	why do not you have to having maltese on the moon ?
how was hillary clinton as secretary of state ?	was hillary clinton a good secretary of state ?	has hillary clinton 10 tea ?  state ?
what are advantages of a mixed economy ?	what are the benefits of a mixed economy ?	what are the benefits of creating a mixed economy ?
how i can speak english with fluency ?	how do i speak english properly and confidently ?	how do i speak english like celebrities ?
how can i learn forex trading ?	what is the best way to learn forex trading ?	where can i learn forex trading as a passion ?
why ms dhoni left captaincy though he was a successful captain ?	why did ms dhoni leave the captaincy of odi and t20 ?	why ms dhoni left as good treatment of slow ?
what does quora use to automatically update a question view count ?	how does the quora view counting system work ?	what are the quora ways to let cloud question control ?
what is the difference between private colleges and iits ?	what is the difference between iit boys and private college boys ?	what is the difference between iit and any renowned private college ?
which are the best resumes in the world ?	what are some best resume ?	what are the most interesting resumes ?
if aap gains power in punjab who are the potential cm candidates ?	who can be the cm candidate for aap in punjab assembly elections ?	why does aap not eligible in punjab attempt ?
`` what happens in `` mela ?	what is ` khejarli mela and what happens there ?	what happens after the peace ?
what do you think of buzzfeed ？	what do you think of buzzfeed ?	what is your view / opinion friction ?
what are the impact of inflation in india ?	what are the impacts of inflation in india ?	what are the effects of inflation in india ?
how can i cook a snake ?	how do you cook snake meat ?	how do you cook a sign out of ?
how can you compare and contrast an espresso maker with a coffee maker ?	how does an espresso machine and a coffee machine differ ?	how do you compare and contrast an introvert and a coffee ?
how do you buy a used car ?	what is the best way to buy a used car ?	how do i buy a used car ?
why do bushfires occur in australia ?	where , how , and why do bushfires occur in australia ?	why is there no torrents in australia ?
what should everyone know about guns and firearms ?	what should everyone know about firearms ?	what are some important things about this or hot and coursera ?
how can i lose weight through diet and healthy eating ?	how do i lose weight through diet only ?	how can i lose weight fast and healthy ?
does marijuana increase risk of lung cancer , similar to cigarettes ?	how can smoking marijuana give you lung cancer ?	how does weed help you pee from smoking ?
how do i deal with heartbreak ?	how do you deal best with heartbreak ?	how do you deal with your heartbreak ?
what is the most successful fintech startup in india ?	what are the most successful fintech startups india ?	what are some of the most successful startup in india ?
how can i increase traffic to my website using social media ?	how can i increase traffic on my blog ?	what are the best way to increase website traffic for a new blog ?
what do you talk to a girl about ?	what do you talk with girls ?	what do you talk to a girl on ?
does gary johnson have a chance ?	what would be required for gary johnson to win ?	does gary johnson stand a chance in the 2016 election ?
does hillary clinton have a chance in 2016 ?	what are the odds of hillary winning in 2016 ?	will hillary clinton make decisions that escalate into a vote for 2016 ?
what are the pros and cons of the new gst bill in india ?	what is gst ? what are the pros and cons of gst ?	what is gst bill ? what are its positive implications ?
what does it mean if you blood results indicate high absolute monocytes ?	what does it mean if your absolute monocytes are high ?	what does it mean if you blood results a newton species ?
how do i talk to people comfortably ?	how do you talk to people comfortably ?	how do we talk quickly and talk ?
how can i start learning swedish ?	what books / lessons are recommended for learning swedish ?	what book is best to start learning swedish ?
what is the cause of pigmentation ?	what causes skin pigmentation ?	what are the causes of peace ?
what are the biblical allusions in crime and punishment ?	what is the allusion to the bible in crime and punishment ?	which is the conversation breaks in a crime ?
what is the quickbooks installation support phone number ?	how quickbooks proavisor tech support phone number is prominent for getting solutions ?	which is the best quickbooks proadvisor tech support number ?
how modi doing ?	how is modi government doing ?	how is modi government doing ?
what is your favorite dilip kumar movie and why ?	which is the best dilip kumar movie and why ?	which is your favorite movie and why ?
are all rapists really psycho ?	are all rapists psychopaths ?	what are the failures of centers after becoming 18 ?
which is the best college in india to study economics honours ?	which is the best college for studying economics in india ?	which is the best college to learn economics level ?
which are the most erotic movies ever of hollywood ?	which is the most erotic movie in hollywood ?	what is most erotic movie ?
what are the best simple ways to loose weight ?	what is the easiest way to loose weight ?	which are the best ways to lose weight ?
why india is not boycotting chinese products ?	why ca not india ban the import of chinese products in india ?	why do not india ban chinese products to boost it economy ?
how can i be more confident around new people ?	how can i get more confident around new people ?	how do i suffer confident in new people ?
will quora be blocked in china ?	when will quora be banned in china ?	is quora removing my quora states forever ?
what are some mind hacks ?	what are some of the best mind tricks ?	what is the mind blowing hacking ?
when will there be world peace ?	how do we achieve global peace ?	how do we know the world peace ?
why do people say hillary clinton is a crook ?	why do people think hillary clinton is corrupt ?	is hillary clinton crooked ?
how do i reduce my anger ?	what should i do to control my anger ?	what can one do to control his / her anger ?
blood in urine , what could it be ?	what causes blood in urine ?	can blood in your blood travel ?
what is the most important thing in our life ?	what are the things that are important in life ?	what is most important thing in life ? can we categorize it ?
what are the longest lasting rechargable batteries ?	what is the longest lasting rechargable battery ?	what is the longest scientific - driving translation of a four months battery ?
what should i do to earn money online ?	what are the easiest ways to earn money online ?	how do we make money online ?
how google captcha recaptcha works ?	how does google new nocaptcha recaptcha work ?	how does google play enlightened ?
what is it like to face america forces in combat ?	what is it like to face the america in combat ?	what does it feel like to have siblings ?
which is the best institute for an mtech in civil engineering ?	what is the best stream for mtech in civil engineering ?	what is the best stream for a m.tech in civil engineering ?
what is this song they are playing on romedy now ?	what is the song that plays in the promo of romedy now ?	can you playing youtube mostly on viswanathan ?
what is the capacity of a 3.5 inch floppy disk ?	what is the capacity of a 3.5 floppy ?	what is the memory capacity of a floppy disk ?
what would happen if turkey accepts the armenian genocide ?	what happens if turkey acknowledges the armenian genocide ?	what would happen if turkey roosevelt the armenian genocide ?
where can i found modern colours and textures for floor tiles in sydney ?	where can i get various range of stylish ceramic floor tiles in sydney ?	where can i found different types of floor tile collection in sydney ?
how can i make money from the inspire one drone ?	how can someone profit from using a drone ?	how do i make money with a drone . ?
free dog training ebooks download ?	are there any good free dog training ebooks ?	which free free apps to download a free keyboard ?
is there top up voted answers list of all times on quora ?	what is the most up voted answer of all time on quora ?	what is a top voted answer on quora ?
what are some symptoms of a bad idle air control sensor ?	how do you know if you have a bad idle air control valve ?	how can i get rid of a bad humidity screen ?
why are indians such wannabes ?	why are we indians such wannabes ?	why are indians afraid ?
can bad weather sink an aircraft carrier ?	can a hurricane destroy an aircraft carrier ?	could an aircraft carrier sink in a hurricane ?
what are ways to commit suicide ?	what the absolute easiest way to commit suicide ?	what is the cheapest , easiest , least painful way to commit suicide ?
what is the difference between v and w ?	`` what the difference between `` v and `` w ?	`` what is the difference between the v `` results and hurricanes ?
what is angular momentum and linear momentum ? what are their differences ?	what is the difference between linear momentum and angular momentum ?	what are the angular momentum ?
what is the best laptop in 20000 ?	which laptop or notebook can i buy under 20000 ?	what is the best laptop i could buy under 20000 ?
what operating system is preferred by most programmers and why ?	which operating system computer programmers and hackers like the most ?	what is the most common operating system that programmers used ?
what are the skills that i need to be a mechanical engineer ?	what skills are required for mechanical engineering ?	what are the skills required for mechanical engineers ?
which is the best country to live in ?	which is the best country to live in the world ?	what is the best country to live in ?
what will be the legacy of donald trump 2016 presidential campaign ?	what will be donald trump legacy ?	what do the americans of donald trump presidency mean ?
can i run a half marathon in two weeks with shin splints ?	can i run half marathon in two weeks with shin splints ?	can i be a great videocon in two weeks or he ?
how do key west , fl and miami , fl compare ?	how do key west , fl and miami , fl differ ?	how are the events and known phones ?
what are some good channels on youtube to subscribe ?	which are some of the best youtube channels to subscribe for ?	which are some of the best youtube channels to subscribe ?
how can i create multiple streams of income ?	can a person realistically create multiple streams of income ?	how do i create multiple streams of income ?
how do i lose weight ?	what are some ways to lose weight fast ?	how do i lose 15 kilos ?
how can i make my penis thicker ?	how do i make my penis longer ?	how can i increse my penis size ?
how do i get money easily ?	how can i get money easily ?	how do i make money easily ?
what is the expected cutoff for ssc cgl 2016 ?	what will be the cut off for ssc cgl tier one 2016 ?	what is the expected cutoff for ssc cgl 2016 ?
how can i get the product name from a walmart receipt ?	how do you find product names from a walmart receipt ?	how can i get a product name from a walmart symbol ?
what are the best online courses available for digital business and marketing management ?	what is the best digital marketing course online for a beginner ?	which is best digital marketing course ?
why would china want to invest dollar 42bn in pakistan ?	why has china become so obsessed with investing in pakistan ?	why is china so professional england in pakistan ?
has marc bodnick decided on his future plans yet ?	is marc bodnick employed yet ?	what is marc bodnick going to do next ?
how can i get a girlfriend easily ?	how do i get a girlfriend ?	how do i get a girlfriend easily ?
why do planes crash ?	how does a plane crash ?	why does an average house crash ?
does infinity exist in nature ?	do infinities exist in nature ?	does infinity exist ?
what is your new year resolution for 2017 or goal for 2017 ?	what can be my new year resolution for 2017 ?	do you have any new years resolutions for 2017 ?
what are some scary horror stories that happened in real life ?	what are the horror stories witnessed by real life ?	what is a scary week method to travel ?
how do i concentrate on my studies without getting distracted ?	how do i study well without getting distracted ?	how do i study online cse ?
where can i hire thoroughly trained pest control professionals in randwick ?	where can i hire highly skilled pest control operators in randwick ?	where can i find best pest control inspires plans ?
which tv series are worth watching ?	what are the top 10 best tv series of all time ?	which tv series should are worth watching ?
how can i learn machine learning ?	how should i go about learning machine learning ?	how do i start learning machine learning ?
how does one trade bitcoins for profit ?	how do i trade bitcoins ?	how do i trade work in a fresher ?
which is the best email extractor ?	what is the best email extractor ?	what are the best mail albums ?
are intelligent people more or less happy than the general population ?	is the more intelligent people less happy ?	are users part of mr. brexit ?
how safe is new rs 500 and rs 2000 indian currency notes ?	how difficult is it to copy new 2000 rupee currency note ?	is the new 2000 rupees note polymer / plastic ? is it untearable ?
how can you improve your communication skill ?	what can i do to improve communication skills ?	how can i improve my communication skills ?
how do i view someones previous / old instagram profile pictures ?	how do you view previous / old instagram profile pictures ?	can you see deleted instagram posts ?
why did trump win the presidency ?	how did donald trump win the elections ?	how did donald trump win despite projections that he would fail ?
why did tata sons removed / sacked cyrus mistry as the chairman ?	why was cyrus mistry sacked ?	why has the tata sons board voted to remove cyrus mistry as chairman ?
how do i unblock myself from someone who has blocked me in whatsapp ?	if someone block me on whatsapp can i unblock myself ?	if i has blocked me who blocked me on whatsapp ?
which experiments lead to the development of quantum mechanics ?	what are the key experiments that established quantum mechanics ?	what do you have to do to improve quantum mechanics for quantum mechanics ?
what is the funniest joke you ever told , heard , or read ?	what is the best joke you have ever heard ?	what is the best joke ever heard ?
how do i contact a good professional hacker ?	how do i contact a verified hacker ?	how do i get to contact a hacker ?
how do i increase my number of twitter followers ?	how can you get twitter followers ?	what is the best way to increase twitter follower ?
why pineal gland is called third eye ?	why do they call the pineal gland the third eye ?	why is my inner greek infinite rogue ?
is donald trump really a democrat ?	is donald trump purposefully tanking the election ?	is donald trump a covert operative for the clintons ?
what anime characters comes off whiny in your opinion ?	what anime character comes off as whiny in your opinion ?	which anime movie you made influenced ?
how do i improve my drawing skills and techniques ?	how can i improve my drawing skills ?	how can i improve my drawings ?
why do stock prices fluctuate ?	why is there fluctuation in the stock market ?	why do stocks fluctuate ?
why do we feel thirsty after eating biryani ?	why do i feel thirsty after eating biryani ?	why am i getting thirsty and not eating ?
which coaching offers the best study material for upsc preparation ?	which coaching offers best study material for upsc preparations ?	which online course material for upsc offers final final ?
what are the places to visit in pakistan ?	what are the best places to visit in pakistan ?	what are some must visit places for a pakistan in india ?
is barack obama a good president ?	was / is barack obama a bad / good president ?	is obama a bad president ?
what are some ways to cook canned black beans ?	how should canned black beans be cooked ?	what are some ways of cook - fi wishes ?
what is the meaning of density ?	`` what is the meaning of `` density ?	`` what is the meaning of `` density effectively ?
i m eight days late for my period , am i pregnant ?	am four days late of my period date.am i pregnent ?	can i get pregnant eight days before your period has ended ?
why arnab goswami resigned times now ?	why did arnab goswami left et now ?	why does arnab goswami left times now ?
what are some free ways to promote a website ?	what are some cool and unique ways of marketing for promoting a website ?	what should be done to promote the website ?
how can i hide my mutuality on facebook ?	how can i hide my mutual friends list on facebook ?	what can i do to hide my homework for my house ?
which comes first , chicken or egg ?	which comes out first the hen or the egg ?	which came first : databases or a boiled egg ?
how do i change my profile photo in here on quora ?	how do i use my picture as my profile picture on quora ?	how do i change profile picture in quora ?
what do you think : will the america and russia go to war ?	will the america ever go to war with russia directly ?	do america americans and russia and russia on the war with russia ?
what is an object in cplusplus ?	what is object in c plus plus ?	what does object in c plus exist ?
what are the pros and cons of socialism ?	what is socialism ? what are the pros and cons ?	what are the pros and cons of socialism ?
who invented wifi ?	who invented wifi ? how did this invention impact the world ?	who invented the phrase rings ? why do they occur ?
what was the last book you read ?	what is the last book you read ?	what is the last story you read ?
how did you improve at mathematics ?	what should i do to improve my mathematics ?	how did you improve at mathematics ?
how did you quit / stop smoking ?	how can i stop smoking ?	how do you quit smoking ?
does the onion juice work to regrow the hair on one head ?	is onion juice a good remedy for hair loss ?	does the onion juice work to regrow the hair on one head ?
how does one has to face insults ?	how do i face an insult ?	how can i early my singing blink ?
how can i realistically make money online ?	what is an easy way make money online ?	how do we make money online ?
what is the penultimate purpose of life ?	what should the purpose of your life ?	what is the primary , principle purpose of life ?
how can you describe what is popular sovereignty ?	how would you describe popular sovereignty ?	is it hard to describe always created ?
how did quora become so popular ?	when did quora become popular ?	how did quora become so popular ?
what is more important in life , money or satisfaction ?	what is more important in life money or satisfaction ?	what is important money or satisfaction ?
how many people here suffer from depression ?	how many of you suffer from depression ?	how many people alien minds love depression of depression ?
why do spanish and greek sound so similar ?	why does spanish sound like greek ?	why does the greek language sound so much like spanish ?
what are some examples of secondary consumers ?	what are some great examples of secondary consumers ?	what are some examples of the solvent ? what are some examples of this ?
what is the best essay writing service ?	who is the best essay writing service provider ?	what is the best essay editing ?
what is the most effective way to suicide ?	what is the most painless way to do a suicide ?	what the easiest most painless way to die ?
has anyone ever seen a ghost in real life ?	have you ever had a ghost experience ?	have you ever seen ghost ?
what are some small ways to make or save money ?	what are some simple ways to save money ?	what are some small ways to make money ?
is hillary clinton mentally stable ?	is hillary clinton well enough to be president ?	is hillary clinton mentally stable ?
how do i overcome my crush ?	how can i overcome crush ?	how do i get to him over her ?
how can i prevent flea bites ?	how can you prevent flea bites ?	what should i do to stop my navigate ?
how do i recover deleted photos from phone six plus / 6 ?	how do i recover deleted videos from an phone six ?	how do i recover deleted data by phone ?
what are the books used for gate preparation ?	what books should i use to prepare for the gate exam ?	what are the books used off for gate 2016 ?
what can i do to improve communication skills ?	how should we improve communication skills ?	how can i learn communication skills ?
what do you mean by science ?	what does science mean to you ?	what do you mean by science ?
how do i use hadoop ?	how can you learn hadoop ?	what is essential to start learning hadoop ?
is better lifx or philips hue ?	`` which `` smart bulb is better : lifx or hue ?	what are your grow spoken ?
where can i get legit online iq test ?	what are free online iq tests ?	what is the best free online iq test ?
how should i improve my writing skill for blogging ?	how do i improve my english writing and speaking skills ?	how do i improve writing skills . ?
does affiliate marketing still work ?	why does affiliate marketing work ?	does affiliate marketing require ?
how did donald trump manage to win the 2016 america election ?	how did trump win the presidential election ?	why did donald trump win the election ?
what is your view on demonetization in india ?	what are your views on demonetization of 500 and 1000 notes in india ?	what is your view on demonetisation ?
what is the scariest paranormal experience you have ever had ?	has someone ever experienced paranormal activity ?	what the most haunted experience you have ever had ?
why do i feel sad and alone all the time ?	why do i feel alone and sad most of the time ?	why do i suddenly feel so sad ?
what is the trick to maintaining long distance relationships ?	how does a long distance relationship work ?	how will long distance relationship work ?
why do i always fall for guys who do not like me ?	why am i always attracted to guys who do not like me ?	why do i fall with guys to fall in it ?
what are the books suggested for the csat ?	what are the best books for the csat ?	what are the l l books for vit ?
which is the most used programming language in the world currently ?	which programming language uses mostly and why ?	which is the most used programming language which will not have an end ?
how is it like to live in bangalore ?	what is it like to live in bengaluru ?	what is it like living in bangalore ?
what are the origins of the constellations ?	what is the origin of constellations ?	what is the origin of the constellations ?
should people over 95 not be allowed to vote ?	should people over 97 not be allowed to vote ?	should people over 88 not be allowed to vote ?
how can i improve my overall score to 79 plus in pte ?	how can i improve my pte score to 79 plus ?	how do i prepare for score of score in score ?
what are the minimum prerequisites before learning artificial intelligence ?	what are prerequisites for learning artificial intelligence ?	what are the minimum prerequisites before learning artificial intelligence ?
how can i increase the traffic to a website ?	what is the best way to increase traffic for a new blog ?	how do i increase traffic on my site ?
which one to learn , c plus plus or c# ?	which should i learn first : c plus plus or c# ?	which one should i learn , c plus plus or c# ?
why do people ask questions on quora instead of googling it ?	why do people ask questions here in quora instead of just google ?	why do people use quora when we already have google ?
should i use a mass gainer or whey protein to gain weight ?	what should i use a mass gainer or protein supplementry to gain muscles ?	which is better for skinny people or gain weight ?
where can i find some of the best seo services in india ?	which is the best seo services company in india ?	what is the best seo management company in india ?
what can we learn from rahul dravid ?	what lessons can we learn from rahul dravid life ?	what can we learn from a chinese on a quora ?
what is a decidual bleeding and a miscarriage ?	what is decidual bleeding ?	what is a circle channel like ?
what should i wear to a job interview in it ?	what should i wear for my it job interview ?	what should i wear to to my job interview ?
is there any scope in mechanical engineering ?	what are the scopes after graduation in mechanical engineering ?	what is the scope of mechanical engineering ?
should i marry a person i love but do not trust ?	should i marry the person i love but do not trust ?	why should i marry a person not without trust ?
when was the last time you were truly happy ?	when was the last time you felt happy ? because i ca not remeber	when was the last time happy you always happy ?
what are the biggest stereotypes about iranians ?	iran : what are some common stereotypes about iranians that are largely untrue ?	what are the biggest challenges about the vagina ?
what do teachers think of students who are models ?	what do teachers think of students ?	what do teachers think of students ?
will donald trump or hillary clinton win the 2016 america presidential election ?	who going to win and become president , hillary clinton or donald trump ?	who will win the election ? donald trump or hillary clinton ?
what are the emerging trends in industry ?	what are the emerging trends in your industry ?	what are the emerging trends in industry ?
what is the best way to love kids ?	what are the best ways to love kids ?	what is the best way to love kids ?
what are the best strategy games ?	what are some of the best strategy games out there ?	which is the best strategy game ?
what do indian muslims think of modi ?	what do indian muslims think of narendra modi ?	what do indian muslim think about pm narendra modi ?
is premarital sex right or wrong ?	is premarital sex good or bad ?	is premarital sex bad ?
what is simulation theory in philosophy ?	what is the simulation theory ?	what is a competitive science ?
why is autism painful ?	why is sensory overload painful ?	why does autism shake ?
what is effect of brexit on it sector in india ?	how does brexit affect it sector in india ?	what will be the effect of brexit on its sector in india ?
how can one improve his writing skills ?	how can i hone my writing skills ?	how can i improve my writing skills to write advanced composition ?
how did you pay off student loans fast ?	how did you pay off your student loans ?	how did you deal with your code from physically loans ?
how do i infect mice with cancer ?	how do scientists infect mice with cancer ?	how does cancer affect cancer ?
why is saltwater taffy candy imported in china ?	why is saltwater taffy candy imported in germany ?	why is saltwater taffy candy imported in czech republic ?
can a person be born evil ?	are some people inherently evil ?	if you are born evil at others ?
what exactly are the illuminati ?	who or what are the illuminati ?	what is illuminati ?
why do people want to have children so much ?	why do people want to have children ? is not it a trap ?	why do children want children ?
should people over 89 not be allowed to vote ?	should people over 91 not be allowed to vote ?	should people over 90 not be allowed to vote ?
how is the sbi current account for startups ?	how is the sbi for a current account for startups ?	what are the devices ideas for a sbi current account ?
what is the main reason of mr. raghuram rajan resignation from rbi ?	what is the reason behind raghuram rajan exit ?	what is the main reason behind your tea and richer ? why ?
how can i lose my weight quickly without doing exercise ?	how can i loose weight naturally without doing exercise ?	how can i lose weight in a month without doing exercise ?
how do i burn fat and build muscle at the same time ?	how do i burn a little excess fat and build up muscle ?	how do i build muscle fast at the same time ?
what the best way to learn faster ?	how can i learn faster ?	what is the fastest way to learn something ?
how do you organize your clothes closet ?	what is the best way to organize my closet ?	what can i do to organize clothes ?
which is the best laptop below rs 30000 ?	which laptop will be best under rs 30000 ?	which laptop is best to buy within the range of rs 30000 ?
what is the best gaming laptop with good graphics under rs . 30000 ?	which is the best gaming laptop within rs 30000 ?	what are the best gaming laptops available under inr 30000 ?
what are the reasons behind the poor performance of india in olympics ?	why india performance is still poor in olympics ?	why is india failing so miserably at the rio olympics ?
perception : is time perceived differently by different people ?	is the perception of time different for different people ?	why does time seem okay from old people ?
what are the benefits of using quora ?	what are the benefits of being on quora ?	what is the best advantage of using quora ?
what will obama do after his term ?	what will president barack obama do after the presidency ?	what will obama do after he done being president of america ?
which is the best movie ever ?	what is the best movie you have ever seen ?	what is the best movie you have ever seen ?
where can i find a list with family offices in the england ?	where can i find a list of family offices in the england ?	where can i find affordable family hacker in office ?
why do not protons in a nucleus repel each other ?	wont positively charged protons lying together in the nucleus repel each other ?	why do not protons repel inside a nucleus ?
which porn site is the best ?	which is best porn site ?	which is the best porn site ?
what are all of the workouts in the insanity program ?	what are some workouts like insanity ?	what are the chances of the insanity lies season the first lies ?
what is the difference between laws and rules ?	what the difference between rules and laws ?	what is the difference between laws and banking ?
what do spaniards think about latin americans ?	how do spaniards think about the latin americans ?	what do what do yellow americans think about latin americans ?
which is stronger , a hydrogen bomb or a nuclear bomb ?	what are the differences between atom , nuclear and hydrogen bombs ?	what kind of hydrogen bomb is applicable ?
how can you regain brain cells ?	what can you do - if anything - to regain brain cells ?	is a brain oven useful ?
how large is pacific ocean ?	how big is specific ocean ?	how did the strongest actors come in the world ?
are transwomen culturally appropriating ciswomen ?	are transgender women culturally appropriating from cisgender women ?	why is not my homework ate produced from being displayed ?
why do people ask questions on quora instead of googling it ?	why do most quorans ask questions here instead of google answers ?	why do people use quora when we already have google ?
what is basically an introvert and an extrovert ?	what is the difference between an introvert and extrovert ?	what is the most effective introvert ?
what is the best answer to what up ?	what the best answer for what up ?	what should i gift while your author ?
what are the reasons to prefer a windows phone over an android ?	why should i prefer a windows phone over an android phone ?	what are the main reasons for windows phone ?
how do jet engines work , in layman terms ?	how do jet engines actually work ?	how do corn plants work ?
how do i increase my interest in coding ?	how can i increase my interest in programming ?	how do i increase interest in coding ?
how can i improve website ranking ?	how do we increase our website ranking ?	how can i improve my website ranking ?
how do i build my own custom made desktop computer ?	how do i build a computer ?	how can i start building my own custom pc ?
how important is seo ?	why is seo ?	what is the importance of keyword in seo ?
which are the best trusted websites for job searching ?	what is the best job search site ?	which is the best answer for job searching ?
what are the top programming languages to learn ?	what is the most valuable programming language for the future to learn ?	what is a good programming language to learn ?
what are the effects of taking a shot of espresso ?	what are the side effects of espresso ?	what are the the different side of the signs of the mountains ?
can you give me some advice on losing weight ?	what is the most effective everlasting method of losing weight ?	can you give me some advice on losing weight ?
is it true that taste buds disappear with old age ?	do taste buds wear out over time ?	is smoking falling safe for old to disappear ?
what products should i use to get rid of acne quickly ?	how do i to get rid of acne scars ?	how do i get rid of acne and acne causes ?
how can a boy know if a girl likes him or not ?	i m a girl how do i know if a girl likes me ?	how will a boy know whether a girl likes him or not ?
what are considered abiotic factors of grasslands ?	what are biotic factors found in grasslands ?	what are some abiotic arguments from `` understanding ?
how long does thc stay in your urine ?	how long does cannabis stays in our urine ?	how long does weed stay in your blood ?
how can i get a list of my gmail accounts ?	how do i find all my gmail accounts ?	how do i get a list of all my gmail accounts ?
should i be on quora ?	why should i be on quora ?	why should i be na to become a post in quora ?
any 420 friendly neighborhoods in cupertino ?	where is a 420 friendly place to live in cupertino , ca ?	what is a genetic friendly services ?
how do i remove dark circles permanently ?	how do i remove under eye dark circles ?	what the cause of under eye dark circles and what treatments can help ?
what does it feel like to be in a friends with benefits relationship ?	what does it feel like to be friends with benefits ?	how does it feel like to be in friends ?
what your morning routine ?	what are your daily morning routines ?	what is your normal morning routine ?
what are the best hotels in nainital ?	what are some of the best hotel in nainital ?	what are the best hotels at nainital ?
how should i prepare for clat 2017 ?	how do i prepare for clat 2017 ?	how do i prepare for clat 2017 ?
how do i get into an ivy league school as a foreigner ?	how can i go to ivy league school ?	how can i get into an ivy league school ?
have you ever seen a ghost while going in a car ?	have you ever seen a ghost / spirit while totally awake ?	`` have you ever seen or experienced a ghost in `` india ?
is time travel possible in next five years ?	is time travel theoretically possible ?	is it possible to time travel to past ?
what are some tips for caring for a guinea pig ?	what are some tips for caring for pet guinea pigs ?	what are some tips for an holidays - holidays ?
how do you get rid of acne scars on your chest ?	what are the best ways to get rid of acne ?	how do i get rid of scalp acne ?
what was it like to work with satya nadella ?	how is it to work with satya nadella ?	what is it like to work now for the why ?
what is one of your favorite possessions ?	what are your favorite possessions ?	what your favorite advertisement ?
how can i reduce or eliminate social anxiety ?	what are good ways to reduce social anxiety ?	what is the best way to rid social anxiety ?
how can i fix a toilet that is not flushing correctly ?	how can you fix a toilet that does not flush all the way ?	if you can your toilet , how can you fix it ?
what are some tips for learning python ?	how do i learn python ?	how can i learn advanced python ?
why does republicans have a firm disbelief in climate change ?	why does the right - wing often deny climate change ?	why are republicans against climate change evidence ?
how can i memorize quickly ?	how do i memorize stuff super easily ?	how can i memorize things faster ?
why should i use quora ?	what is quora ?	why we should read quora ?
what will be the future of robotics ?	how is the future of robotics ?	what will be the future of interest ?
what personal habits are typically associated with highly successful people ?	what are habits of successful people ?	what are the functions of highly successful people ?
how do you know the man really love you or not ?	how do you know if a man is really in love ?	how you know the man is truly in love ?
what are the easiest ways to become a millionaire ?	what is the cheapest way to become a millionaire ?	what are the most effective ways to be a millionaire ?
what is rooting of mobile ?	what is root mobile ?	what is a tim support ?
who views my instagram account ?	can you see who views your instagram stories ?	how do i know who views my instagram profile ?
what are some ways i can make money from home ?	what are some legitimate ways to make extra money from home ?	how can one make money online ?
how do i do well in engineering classes ?	how can i do well in engineering class ?	what should i do to learn engineering which to do with engineering ?
how can l be more concentrated and stop being absent - minded ?	how can i stop being absent minded ?	how can i stop being absent minded ?
why do long distance relationships fail ?	does a long distance relationship really work ?	how do we can remain satisfied in a long distance relationship ?
how shall i prepare for gate 2017 from now on ?	how should i prepare for gate 2017 from now onwards ?	how do i prepare for gate 2017 ?
how does whip cream and whipped cream differ ?	how are whipped and whipping cream different ?	how does the candy cream differ from the defeated asian cream ?
what will happen if i fell into a black hole ?	what would happen if i fell into a black hole ?	what would happen if you pour used on a black hole ?
is stereotyping always bad / untrue ?	are stereotypes always bad ?	is being better as a multiverse ?
what is the amazon interview process for fresher ?	what is the amazon interview process for a fresher ?	what is pulses for amazon 13 plus in a relationship ?
do the illuminati really exist ?	are the illuminati real ?	do the illuminati really exist ?
what are the best ways to lose weight ?	which are the best ways to lose weight ?	how do i actually lose weight ?
how can i know if i am a genius ?	how would you know if you are a genius ?	how can you know if you are finally ?
what is the main cause of modern day terrorism ?	what is the cause of modern day terrorism ?	what the reason behind the modern day as a modern day ?
how can we increase our stamina for running ?	how do i increase my stamina ?	how do we increase our stamina for free ?
is there an effective home remedy for kidney stones ?	what is a home remedy for kidney stones ?	are there any good treatment for kidney stones ?
are non - living things made up of cells ?	are non - living things made out of cells ?	from non - living things made out of matter or not ?
how much would a pregnant belly show at one month ?	what does a one month pregnant belly look like ?	i consequences facebook : could facebook still date my public account exchange ?
what is the best advice for someone with social anxiety ?	what is the best way to get rid of social anxiety ?	how can i overcome social anxiety ?
how do i burn the fat around my waist ?	how do i lose fat on the sides of my waist ?	how do i burn fat in my waist ?
how could i gain weight in a healthy way ?	how do i gain some healthy weight ?	how do i gain weight ?
how can i cure my alcoholism ?	a cure for alcoholism ?	how do i cure my migraine level ?
what are some fun things to do at sleepovers with three people ?	what are some fun things to do at a sleepover ?	what can you do in a sleepover with two people ?
what should be the first computer language i learn ?	which is the first programming language someone should learn ?	what should be the first programming language i learn ?
what books should i read to learn more about quantum physics ?	what should i read to start learning about quantum mechanics ?	which books should i read to learn about quantum physics ?
what is the benefits of reading ?	what are benefits of reading books ?	which really are the benefits to read ?
according to the theory of evolution , when does evolution occur ?	when does evolution occur ?	does evolution occur ?
how does google maps traffic work ?	how do traffic maps work in google ?	how does live traffic work on google maps ?
which colleges come under the gmat ?	which all colleges come under gmat in india ?	what are the best colleges for the gmat ?
how can i get paid to learn ?	how do i get paid to learn ?	how do i get paid to learn to learn ?
how should i prepare to crack the gate 2018 ?	how can i prepare for gate - 2018 from now ?	how do i prepare for gate - free ?
how do i get a perfect score on the new sat ?	how can i get a perfect score on the new sat ?	how can a perfect root for the new sat ?
how can i get a job in mechanical designing field ?	how do i get a job in mechanical designing field ?	how do i start a product engineering field in mechanical engineering ?
what is the best laptop under 30000 for students ?	which is the best laptop model to buy within 30000 ?	which laptop is best to buy within the range of rs 30000 ?
what is the syllabus for electronics and communication engineering ?	what is syllabus for electronics and communication engineering ?	what are the basic courses about electronics engineering ?
what is difference between america english and british english ?	what are some of the differences between british english and america english ?	what are the differences between british english and america english ?
is kiran bedi going to be the bjp cm candidate ?	will the bjp declare ms. kiran bedi as its cm candidate ?	is modi claim becoming the bjp ?
what are the biological causes of aging ?	what really causes aging ?	what are the dark facial blood from modi ?
should i drop one year after bca for mba preparations ?	should i drop one year after a be for cat preparation ?	should i drop one year after btech for mba preparations ?
how do i learn not to care about what people think of me ?	why do i care so much about what other people think of me ?	when will i stop thinking about what other people think ?
what are the best ways to study more effectively ?	how should i study	how can i make my study more effective ?
how can a boy know if a girl likes him or not ?	how should i know if this girl likes me or not ?	how will a boy know whether a girl likes him or not ?
how can we earn on youtube ?	how can i earn money in youtube ?	how do i make money through youtube ?
what are the top 50 bollywood songs ?	what are your top 10 favorite bollywood music ?	what are your top 10 bollywood songs ?
what would happen if china and pakistan attacked india ?	what will happen if china and pakistan attack india at the same time ?	what would happen if china and pakistan on pakistan ?
what is more important , family or friends ?	are friends or family more important ?	who is more important , friends or family ?
what are some real life examples of a charles law ?	what are some real life examples of charles law ?	what are the real examples of a static law ?
what are the similarities between the egyptian god horus and jesus ?	what is similar between the egyptian god horus and jesus ?	what are the best books to the existence of the creation of our lifetime ?
who will win the u.s.a presedential elections of 2016 ?	who will win america election in 2016 ?	who will win the america election in 2016 ?
how do i calculate market size for my startup ?	how to calculate market size ?	how to calculate market size ?
how to remove pimple scars ?	how do you treat pimple scars ?	what is the best way to remove pimple that is candy permanently ?
what is singleton class in java ?	what is a singleton class used for ?	what is zip class which can be applied in java ?
should people over 90 not be allowed to vote ?	should people over 97 not be allowed to vote ?	should people over 90 not be allowed to vote ?
how can i improve my communication and verbal skills ?	how can you improve your communication skill ?	how do i improve my communication skills in a object ?
what do i do when i feel unwanted ?	what should i do when i feel unwanted ?	what should i do when i feel when i feel increased ?
how do i reduce the size of breast ?	how do i reduce my size of breast ?	how can i reduce my size from breast ?
how do i earn money online ?	how do you make easy money online ?	how can i earn money online ?
how do we live a happy life ?	how do i get success in life ?	how do i become successful life ?
when xiaomi redmi note four is going to launch in india ?	when is xiaomi releasing redmi note four in india ?	xiaomi redmi note three date india : obtain redmi note ?
what is a good mobile automation testing tool which is freely available ?	which are the best automation testing tools ?	which automation testing tool is best for mobile testing ?
what is a neutron star ?	what is neutron star ?	is the neutron star ?
how do i get out of the friend zone with a girl ?	how do i get out of the friend zone ?	is it possible for a friend to get over a girl ?
why do we use inheritance in programming ?	what is the main use of inheritance in programming ?	why do we use shell ?
how do we know for sure that nothing is faster than light ?	how do you prove that nothing can go faster than light ?	why i ca not go faster than light ?
what do i need to know about money ?	what should one know about spending money ?	what do i need to know about money ?
which phone is best under 15000 ?	which are best mobile phones to buy under 15000 ?	which phone should i buy under 15000 ?
how can someone earn money by developing an android application ?	how can one earn money by developing android application ?	how do i earn money from android ?
do you believe in ghosts ? why or why not ?	do you believe in supernatural powers , spirits , ghosts ?	do you believe in ghosts ? are they ?
what is the best free web hosting provider ?	what the best free web hosting site to host apps ?	what are the best free web hosting services ?
can i get arrested for downloading a movie torrent in india ?	can i use a torrent to download a movie in india now ?	is downloading from torrent illegal in india ?
are we living to eat or eat to live ?	do we eat to live or live to eat ?	do we have to live to eat and defeat ?
what are some myths ?	what are some myths which are myths ?	what are some myths ?
what your favorite james bond movie ?	what is your favorite james bond movie and why ?	what your favorite bond movie ?
why is saltwater taffy candy imported in mongolia ?	why is saltwater taffy candy imported in south korea ?	why is saltwater taffy candy imported in canada ?
what the best whey protein i can take ?	which whey protein shoud i use ?	which brand of whey protein is best ?
who is better donald trump or hillary clinton ?	who is better among hillary clinton and donald trump ?	who is better between hillary clinton and donald trump as a america president ?
what are the best interview questions which needs a great presence of mind ?	what are the best tricky interview questions ?	what is the best intelligent question about or internet facility ?
how do i access my chat history log on facebook ?	how do i access chat history on facebook ?	how do i use a social photo department in my face ?
what are the best additional courses for working mechanical engineers ?	what are the best courses for mechanical engineering ?	what is the best additional course for mechanical engineers ?
how can i forget someone i love strongly ?	how do i forget someone you were deeply in loved ?	how do i forget the person i love ?
what the relationship between antimatter and dark matter ?	what is difference between anti - matter and dark matter ?	what is the difference between antimatter and dark matter ?
what are some smartphone security apps ?	which app is the best for smartphone security protection ?	what are the best security apps for smartphones ?
how can i earn money online in india for students ?	how can we earn money online in india for students ?	how can we earn money online in india ?
which is the best service whirlpool microwave oven service center in hyderabad ?	which is the best service whirlpool microwave oven repair center in hyderabad ?	what is the best whirlpool microwave oven service center in hyderabad ?
what cause the british empire to lose its countries ?	what caused the british empire to fall ?	what caused the british empire to loose its countries ?
what are some examples of high viscosity ?	what are some examples of liquids that have a high viscosity ?	what are some examples of the red viscosity ?
is a service desk in tcs good or not ?	is service desk in tcs good or not ?	is a tcs gel australia ?
how should i improve my english speaking and writing skills ?	how do i improve my english writing skills ?	how do i improve my english writing ability ?
what could cause wrist pain ?	what are the causes of wrist pain ?	what is the cause of secret twitching ?
how do i speak english properly and confidently ?	how to speak english fluently ?	how do i speak fluent english with confidence ?
what are the different types of gases ?	what are some of the different types of gases ?	what are the different types of satellites ?
are quora rules posted somewhere ?	what are quora rules ?	are quora rules and quora these numbers ?
how can you tell if someone is tracking your phone ?	how can i tell if my girlfriend is tracking my phone ?	is there a way to tell if someone is tracking your phone five ?
which is the best seo company in delhi ?	which company provides the best seo services in delhi ?	which is the best seo company in delhi ncr for seo services ?
is isi better than raw ?	what makes isi better than raw ?	is higher higher than honey than any raw uses ?
can we earn money through quora ?	are there any ways to make money through quora ?	how can we earn from quora ?
who is the worst person in the world ?	who is the worst person in this world ?	who is the worst person in history and why ?
how can i join indian army after bba ?	how do i join defence after graduation in mechanical engineer ?	how can i join indian air force or indian navy after completing hands ?
what is the best way to quit meth cold turkey ?	are there any substantial way to quit meth ?	what is the best way to quit crystal sex ?
what are some cv worthy online digital marketing courses ?	how is this online course on digital marketing ?	which is best digital marketing institute for professionals in india ?
is durex ultra thin condom safe ?	how safe is durex ultra thin condoms ?	is darwin a safe harm a condom ?
are democracy inherently inefficient ?	are democracies inherently inefficient ?	is democracy confident ?
what quora users are from indonesia ?	how many quora users are from indonesia ?	what are the most followed quora users from which women from ?
why is saltwater taffy candy imported in jamaica ?	why is saltwater taffy candy imported in italy ?	why is saltwater taffy candy imported in germany ?
what do people at nasa think about spacex ?	what does nasa think of elon musk spacex ?	what is like to make money for spacex ?
what is the best way to deal with a difficult person ?	how do i deal with difficult people ?	how do i deal with the expert person ?
how caste system introduced in indian society ?	how did the caste system begin ?	how many caste introduced services firms in india ?
what does it mean to be a contrarian ?	`` what does it mean to you personally , to be `` contrarian ?	what does it mean to be a post ?
what is the difference between sarcasm and irony ?	what is the difference between irony and sarcasm ?	which is the difference between icici and innovation ?
what is president obama legacy ?	what will president obama legacy be ?	what is president obama ?
can a convex mirror form a real image ?	when does a convex mirror form a real and magnified image ?	can a transgender mirror his image used ?
which books should an entrepreneur read ?	which are those book that every entrepreneur should read ?	what are some creative books for entrepreneurs ?
how do i prepare for the ielts exam at home ?	how do i prepare for ielts exam at home ?	how can we prepare for the ielts 2017 ?
why do black people call themselves nigga ?	why did black people call themselves nigga ?	why do uneducated black people tend to tend to edit ?
which is the best gaming laptop to buy under 60000 ?	which is the best gaming laptop under rs 60000 ?	which is best gaming laptop under 60000 ?
what are the best arguments against nsa ?	what are the best arguments against the nsa ?	what are the best arguments against indian customers ?
who are the smartest people alive now ?	who are the smartest people alive today ?	who are some of smartest people alive everything ?
what is a paycheck ?	what is paycheck ?	what is beyond traits ?
what are some of the best places to visit in new york city ?	what are good places to visit in new york ?	what are the best places to visit in new york city ?
which answer on quora has the most up votes per view ?	which quora answers have the highest proportion of up votes to views ?	which answer on quora got the most likes ?
do dogs know that they are dogs ?	do dogs even know they are dogs ?	do dogs know that are dogs ?
how do i master my subconscious mind ?	can i control subconscious mind ?	how can you access to subconscious mind ?
how i can speak english fluently ?	how can improve my english speaking ?	how could an english learner speak fluently ?
how do i learn to think outside the box ?	how can i learn to think outside of the box ?	how can i learn outside the box ?
why did indians want independence from britain ?	why did indians want independence from the british ?	why do indians think it from india ?
what are the ways to get a permanent resident in america ?	how do i get permanent residency in america , california ?	how can i get a green card to live and work in america ?
what time did you go to bed ?	what time do you go to bed and why ?	how did you go to bed ?
what your opinion of masturbation ?	what is your opinion on masturbation ?	what are your thoughts masturbating for matter ?
why cyrus mistry has been sacked all of a sudden ?	why was cyrus mistry sacked ?	why was cyrus mistry removed from the chairmanship of tata sons ?
which are some best coaching centers for ca ipcc in delhi ?	what are some good coaching centres for ca ipcc in delhi ?	which is the best coaching institute for ca - ipcc in delhi ?
how much money does mukesh ambani carry ?	how much money does mukesh ambani carry in his wallet ?	how much money do you think about serbia and start investment ?
does love exist ?	why does love exist ?	does love exist anymore ?
what are some good undervalued stocks to buy right now ?	what stocks are a good buy now ?	what are the best stocks to buy ?
do dating apps really find a date for you ?	does dating site really work ?	do dating apps and sites really work ?
what is the relationship between united states and canada ?	how is the relationship between canada and the america ?	what is the relationship between china and canada ?
why do liberals hate voter ids ?	why do liberals hate voter ids so much ?	why are flowers anti - breed ?
what are the main subject for ca ?	what subject are neceesary for ca ?	what are the main areas which moves to the download for the ca ?
what is the difference between while and do while ?	what is the difference between while and do while ?	what is the difference between while and way ?
how do i concentrate in studies ?	how do i concentrate better on my studies ?	how can i can concentrate well in studies ?
how chameleons able to change their colors ?	how do chameleons change their color ?	how can decline change their color ?
why might people be staring at me ?	why are people staring at me ?	why does everyone will be guys being jealous ?
why should we answer on quora ?	what is the point of answering questions on quora ?	why do people answer in quora ?
what wrong with quora ?	what wrong with the quora website ?	what could be the basic implications of quora ?
how do i start my own forex company ?	how can i learn to start my own forex company ?	how do i start forex forex company ?
as a beginner where to start artificial intelligence ?	how do you learn artificial intelligence ?	what are the the best ways of learning about artificial intelligence ?
does the america missile defense system undermine the foundations of world peace ？	does america missile defense system actually undermine the foundations of world peace ？	does the america inmates gives athletes to see their medals in alabama ?
how is dabba trading done ?	what is dabba trading ? and how do i find its existence ?	how is the vocabulary strategies ?
which bollywood movies are overrated ?	what are some overrated bollywood movies ?	what are the most overrated bollywood actors and actresses ?
how would you invest 50 dollar wisely ?	how should i invest 50 dollar ?	how can i invest in with breast stress ?
which is the best hindi movie in 2016 ?	what is the best bollywood movie of 2016 ?	which is the best bollywood movie of 2016 ?
is eagerpanda ever going to launch ?	when will eagerpanda launch ?	what is the rationale behind starting a 2000 this season ?
what is psychosis ?	what a psychosis ?	how is the cure for bitsat ?
who was your favorite teacher , and why ?	who was your favorite teacher and why ?	who is your favorite teacher and why ?
how does websites like wikipedia , times of india etc earn money ?	how will wikipedia earn money ?	what are some website like doing restaurants in india ?
how do you cure cottonmouth ?	what is the best way to stop cottonmouth ?	how is a cure for famous ?
do you think there can ever be real peace ?	do you think there will ever be peace ?	does anybody explain peace ?
how are rain scenes shot in movies ?	how do filmmakers make it rain in the movies ?	how are the rain three scene in movies ?
what are some of your highly up voted answers on quora ?	what are some highly up voted answers on quora ?	what are some top ways to get top answer up on quora answers ?
what is funniest video you have ever watched ?	which is the funniest video according to you ?	what is the funniest video you have ever seen ?
how can i earn money by making a free website through weebly ?	how can one earn money from a website made by weebly ?	how do i make money through a website ?
which are the most expensive laptops in the world ?	what is this the worlds most expensive laptop ?	what are most expensive laptops under world ?  movies ?
what is the best underrated book that you know of ?	what are the best underrated books ?	what are some of the best underrated fiction books ?
what should i do with dollar 10000 ?	what should i do with my dollar 10000 ?	what can we do with dollar 10000 ?
is it possible that donald trump has a mental problem ?	is donald trump mentally stable ?	is donald trump mentally stable ?
what are some easy beginner piano songs ?	what is an easy piano song to play ?	what are some great books on the piano before you ?
what are the ideas for christmas party names ?	what are some ideas for christmas party names ?	what are the ideas for christmas stories ?  than others ?
what is the best vr headset available in india ?	which is the best vr headset to buy in india ?	what are the best vr metals in india ?
how do i lose weight fast ?	how do i lose weight in a short time ?	how should i reduce weight easily ?
can we expect time travel to become a reality ?	can time travel ever be possible ?	is time travel possible ? if yes ? how ?
how do i increase iq ?	how to increase iq level ?	how can i increase my iq ?
what marc bodnick going to do after quora ?	is marc bodnick employed yet ?	what is marc bodnick going to do next ?
what are the side effects of viagra ?	does viagra have any side effects ?	what are side effects of vigara ?
how can i enter into the stock market ?	how do i enter into stock market ?	how do i crack the stock market ?
is required 2000 rs notes ?	why is the rbi issuing 2000 rupee notes ?	what are the mathematical problems of coca in india ?
how do i trim my pubic hair ?	what is the best way to trim pubic hair ?	what is the best way to trim pubic hair ?
how do i study german ?	how do i study german language ?	how can i study ?
what are some of the differences between british english and america english ?	what is different between america english and british english ?	what are the differences between british english and america english ?
where can i found long - lasting fire shutters in sydney ?	where can i found completely fire resistant and intrusion resistant shutters in sydney ?	where can i found fire - resistant roller shutters in sydney ?
why do i think so much about the future ?	why do people always think about their future ?	why do i think it for the future ?
is it possible to build iron man suits ?	is it possible to create iron man suite practically ?	is it possible to make an iron man suit ?
what is the purpose of your life ?	what is the grand purpose of life ?	what should the purpose of your life ?
how can we earn money from google ?	how can i earn money from google ?	how can i earn money from google ?
how do you solve a rubik cube ?	what the trick to a rubik cube ?	how do you solve a rubik cube ?
what are some good information sources on abiotic oil production ?	what are some good information sources on abiotic oil production in the earth ?	what are the best electrical oil online production dont ?
do long distance relationships work ?	what are the best ways to keep a long distance love relationship happy ?	how do we can remain satisfied in a long distance relationship ?
is tony robbins fake ?	is tony robbins a scam or con artist ?	is tony robbins a fraud ?
what should i eat to gain weight ?	how should i gain muscle mass ?	what should i do to gain some weight ?
what are the powers of the legislative branch ?	what are the three powers of the legislative branch ?	what are some standard dreams ?
visiting and travel : what is your dream vacation ?	what your dream vacation ?	what is your dream customer , and why ? what are your experiences ?
why has quora flagged this question as needing improvement ?	why does quora always mark my questions as needing improvement ?	why is my question repeatedly marked as needing improvement ?
what are some online resources to learn ui design ?	what are good resources for learning software ui design .	which is the best resource for ui design ?
what are the some mind blowing facts of google ?	what are some of the mind blowing facts about google ?	what are some interesting facts about google ?
why was cyrus mistry removed ?	why did tata group fire cyrus mistry from chairman post ?	why was cyrus mistry removed from the chairmanship of tata sons ?
what is difference between reacting and responding ?	what is the difference between responding and reacting ?	what the difference between frequently and quora ?
why are most mechanical engineers single ?	why do engineers stay single ?	why do engineers tend to ms as iphones ?
how do you start making money ?	what should i do to earn some more money ?	how do i earn more money ?
is sex important in love ?	how important is sex in a relationship ?	how important is sex in love ?
what are the arguments for keeping the electoral college ?	what the argument for the electoral college ?	what is the argument for the electoral college ?
what has stephen hawking achieved in physics ?	what have been stephen hawking contributions to physics ?	what does stephen hawking in physics ?
why is the sat hard ?	is the sat hard ?	why is the sat so hard tough ?
who will win the america elections 2016 ?	who will win america election in 2016 ?	who will win america election in 2016 ?
what is the best question one has ever come across in quora ?	which is the best question you have read on quora ?	what are the best questioned asked in quora ?
who is a favorite spy book or movie thriller character of putin ?	what is a favorite spy book or movie thriller character of putin ?	what is your favorite hollywood book ? why ?
what are some of the best examples of hypocrisy in india ?	what are the some of the best examples of hypocrisy in india ?	what are some best examples of hypocrisy at its best ?
which is the best poem collection book in kannada ?	which is the best poetry book in kannada ?	what is the best poem or lines of earphones had in kannada ?
what is the toll free number of dell ?	what is the toll free number for dell tablet ?	what is a post on a dell phone ?
how much money do cellular companies pay for installing towers on someone property ?	how much do telecommunication companies pay for tower space ?	how good do exchange firms on quora for over other people like ?
what are the top hotels in jaipur ?	what are the best hotels in jaipur ?	what are some best hotels at jaipur ?
why do electrons repel each other ?	how / why do electrons repulse each other ?	why do electrons make and other animals other than humans ?
what is the best age to get married for a woman ?	what the best age for girls to get married ?	what is the best age to get married for a woman ?
who will / should be the next president of india in 2017 ?	who should be elected as president of india in 2017 ?	who will be the next president of india and why ?
why some people commit suicide ?	why do peope commit suicide ?	why do you want to commit suicide ?
what is the quickbooks payroll tech support number in washington ?	what are the best intuit quickbooks support plans ?	which is the best quickbooks tech support number in north dakota ?
why ca not you delete your own questions on quora ?	how do you delete a question on quora ?	why ca not i delete my question on quora ?
what is the quickest way to make dollar 8000 ?	what are the quickest ways to make money ?	what the quickest way to make dollar 10 ?
who has viewed my instagram ?	how do i know who viewed my instagram profile ?	is there app to see who viewed your pictures on instagram ?
who will win in america presidential elections in 2016 ?	who do you think is going to win the presidential elections and why ?	who will win the america election in 2016 ?
what are some ways of completely factory resetting your laptop ?	what are some ways to do a factory reset on a laptop ?	what are some ways of getting a factory fund ?
what is the best way to make more money ?	how can i earn more money ?	what the best way to make fast cash ?
how is aws code commit ?	what is aws code commit ?	what is a price of mac presidency ?
what is edm ?	what is an edm ?	what exactly is edm ?
how do i get rid of my belly fat ?	how should i get rid of belly fat ?	what is the best way to reduce belly and arm fat ?
who came first , egg or the hen ?	who came first , hen or egg ?	which came first hen or egg and why ?
how do i design my mobile app ?	how do i design for my mobile app ?	how can we design a startup app ?
how can i become a motivational speaker ?	how can i be a motivational speaker ?	how do i become motivational speaker ?
how can i get rid of unbearable menstrual cramps ?	how can i deal with unbearable menstrual cramps ?	how do i get rid of someones eye ?
where can i hire a hacker ?	where can i find a qualified hacker ?	how do l contact a hacker ?
how do i make butter chicken ?	how do i cook butter chicken ?	how can i make butter chicken fast ?
why should we be proud of being indian ?	what makes you proud of being an indian ?	why should i be proud of being an atheist ?
how do i change my profile photo in here on quora ?	how can i put up my profile photo on my quora ?	how do i change profile picture in quora ?
what are the places to see in coorg ?	what are some must see places in coorg ?	what are the places to visit in coorg ?
what are the best books on game theory ?	what are good books to read about game theory ?	what are the best books about game theory ?
what does sex feel like from a man prespective ?	how does sex feel for a man ?	what does intercourse feel like to a man ?
`` why do people say `` bullies are jealous of you ?	why do people say bullies are jealous of you ?	why do some people cells are jealous ?
who will win up elections 2017 and how ?	who can win in 2017 up elections ?	who will win up 2017 election ?
how do i find right person for me ?	how do i find the right person for me ?	how do i find the right one ?
what is contingency plans ?	what is a business contingency plan ?	what is modi ?
how do i significantly improve my grades ?	how can i get better grades ?	how do i improve my grades ?
what are symptoms of a brain tumor ?	what are the symptoms and precautions of a brain tumor ?	what are some signs of brain death ?
how is the water - cement ratio associated with the strength of concrete ?	what is the effect of water / cement ratio to concrete ?	how is a water shape treated ?
what is your biggest regrett in life ?	what is your biggest regret and why ?	what your biggest regret in life ?
who won the september 26 , 2016 presidential debate ?	who won the first presidential debate september 2016 ?	who won the september 2016 presidential debate ?
what advice would you give to a person that has debilitating social anxiety ?	what are tips or helpful tools to combat social anxiety ?	what are some effective ways to stop social anxiety ?
what is the land acquisition act ?	`` what is `` land acquisition bill ?	what is the quantity technique ?
how do i become bold ?	how can i be bold ?	how do you become dumb ?
what is the weirdest dream you ever had ?	what was the weirdest dream you have had ?	what is the weirdest dream you have had ?
what should i do for controlling anger ?	how can someone control their anger ?	what should i do for controlling anger ?
what is the best way to promote webcam adult site ?	how can i promote my adult site ?	how do i start to market a 2015 blog ?
what are the best ways to inspire people ?	how do i inspire people ?	what are some interesting ways of women ?
what interesting fact about india can you add to my knowledge ?	what are some of the interesting facts about india ?	what are some least - unknown facts about india can post ?
how should i improve my english communication skills ?	what is the best way to improve my spoken english soon ?	how can i improve my spoken english ?
how so i ask questions on quora ?	how do i ask someone a question on quora ?	how do i ask someone a question on quora ?
where can i get affordable party photo booth services in sydney ?	where can i find affordable photo booth service in sydney ?	where can i get photo booth rental for party in sydney ?
